QUESTION ID: 01S8QCNCMIWWPRR
QUESTION SUBJECT: how much does an average heart weigh?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85984
Normal adult heart weight is 135 to 145 G.Weight of the heart and its various components (muscular and non muscular portions) was measured in 138 specimens. Average heart weight for Indians was comparatively less then that of western population. Difference between the average heart weights for males and females was found to be statistically significant. The heart weight was not influenced by age and body length but by the body built. A statistically significant difference was noticed in emaciated persons. Ventricular weight constituted 50 to 80 percent of the total heart weight. A close correlation between the heart weight and ventricular weight was seen. Ventricular wall thickness did not correlate well with the heart weight. Body mass index (BMI) is a measure of body fat based on height and weight that applies to both adult men and women.    * Enter your weight and height using Standard or Metric measures.    * Click on Compute BMI and your BMI will appear in the heart of the figure.BMI Categories:    * Underweight =<18.5    * Normal weight = 18.5-24.9    * Overweight = 25-29.9    * Obesity = BMI of 30 or greaterFor interesting link :http://www.nhlbisupport.com/bmi/     (personally recommended).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71118
In normal adults, the mass of the heart is 250-350 g (9-12 oz), or about three fourths the size of a clenched fist, but extremely diseased hearts can be up to 1000 g (2 lb) in mass due to hypertrophy.

QUESTION ID: 01XO4IB5VK0MD8D
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much sleep does a 21 year old woman need?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 50475
6-8 hours per night.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8973
What Happens During Sleep?You don t notice it, of course, but while you re asleep, your brain is still active. As people sleep, their brains pass through five stages of sleep. Together, these stages - which doctors call 1, 2, 3, 4, and REM (rapid eye movement) sleep - make up a sleep cycle. One complete sleep cycle lasts about 90 to 100 minutes. So during an average night s sleep, a person will experience about four or five cycles of sleep.Stages 1 and 2 are periods of light sleep from which a person can easily be awakened. During these stages, eye movements slow down and eventually stop, heart and breathing rates slow down, and body temperature decreases. Stages 3 and 4 are deep sleep stages. It s more difficult to awaken someone during these stages, and when awakened, a person will often feel groggy and disoriented for a few minutes. Stages 3 and 4 are the most refreshing of the sleep stages - it is this type of sleep that we crave when we are very tired.The final stage of the sleep cycle is known as REM sleep because of the rapid eye movements that occur during this stage. During REM sleep, other physical changes take place - breathing becomes rapid, the heart beats faster, and the limb muscles don t move. This is the stage of sleep when a person has the most vivid dreams.Is very important to sleep, stadies shows that is better 9.25 HoursHere are some things that may help you to sleep better:Set a regular bedtime. Going to bed at the same time each night signals to your body that it s time to sleep. Waking up at the same time every day can also help establish sleep patterns. So try to stick to your sleep schedule even on weekends. Don t go to sleep more than an hour later or wake up more than 2 to 3 hours later than you do during the week. Exercise regularly. Try not to exercise right before bed, though, as it can raise your body temperature and wake you up. Sleep experts believe that exercising 5 or 6 hours before bedtime (in late afternoon) may actually help a person sleep. Avoid stimulants. Don t drink beverages with caffeine, such as soda and coffee, after 4 PM. Nicotine is also a stimulant, so quitting smoking may help you sleep better. And drinking alcohol in the evening can also cause a person to be restless and wake up during the night. Relax your mind. Avoid violent, scary, or action movies or television shows right before bed - anything that might set your mind and heart racing. Reading books with involved or active plots may also keep you from falling or staying asleep. Unwind by keeping the lights low. Light signals the brain that it s time to wake up. Staying away from bright lights (including computer screens!), as well as meditating or listening to soothing music, can help your body relax. Don t nap too much. Naps of more than 30 minutes during the day may keep you from falling asleep later. Avoid all-nighters. Don t wait until the night before a big test to study. Cutting back on sleep the night before a test may mean you perform worse than you would if you d studied less but got more sleep. Create the right sleeping environment. Studies show that people sleep best in a dark room that is slightly on the cool side. Close your blinds or curtains (and make sure they re heavy enough to block out light) and turn down the thermostat in your room (pile on extra blankets or wear PJs if you re cold). Lots of noise can be a sleep turnoff, too. Wake up with bright light. Bright light in the morning signals to your body that it s time to get going.If you Smoke, stop 3 hours before you go to bed.If you bealive that you don t get enough sleep. YOU MUST  talk to your Dr.Good luck!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31989
when i was that young i gt about 5 or 6 hours and i was great
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31990
According to Napolean, 7 hours is excellent for a woman.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31991
Average 7-9 hours. Everyone s different.It doesn t matter. Sleep as much as you can-but don t sleep too much. All is good in moderation. If you have trouble sleeping, knowing how much others sleep on average won t help.

QUESTION ID: 02MVR1DPXLRNK5Z
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you cure Indigestion?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have not been to the washroom in two days and there seems to no urge to do so. I am scared that this may couse other complictions.sorry it s ConstipationIt has been ove 20 days now and I am back to normal.all I did was have a Papay!thanks to all those who helped along the way.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39118
Drink a latte!  Seriously, the combination of the caffeine and the syrup does a wonder.  Don t get a mocha, it only works with the flavored syrups, and I d recommend at least a double shot.  I m not kidding.  Try it.  If it doesn t works all you re out is a $3 drink and you didn t have to stick anything up your rear end.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39119
What you are experiencing is not indigestion but the lack of fiber in your diet.  Start eating more foods from the fruit and vegetable group and things should begin to improve.  Eating a great deal of red meat and fast foods is not good for the digestion of foods and moving them along the intestinal track.  In order to have a good way of getting rid of waste products from the body eating fiber, having  regular eating habits, lots of fruits and vegetables without over eating and avoiding junk foods is necessary.  I also believe that alcoholic consumption should be limited despite what all of the magazines report as being good to have a drink a day.  If you drink then for every drink consumed containing alcohol then drink one containing orange juice, water or milk.  Treat your body well and it will treat you the same way.  Abuse your body and expect abuse from it.  It can be that simple.  God created us with a free will and a  perfect body, it is we who make the choices on how we should use those gifts.Good luck and good eating.

QUESTION ID: 048LKXDU0M1YGHD
QUESTION SUBJECT: How you can scientifially describe  CANCER ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9735
Abnormal Cell Mutation.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15939
Cancer is a class of diseases or disorders characterized by uncontrolled division of cells and the ability of these cells to spread, either by direct growth into adjacent tissue through invasion, or by implantation into distant sites by metastasis (where cancer cells are transported through the bloodstream or lymphatic system). Cancer may affect people at all ages, but risk tends to increase with age. It is one of the principal causes of death in developed countries.There are many types of cancer. Severity of symptoms depends on the site and character of the malignancy and whether there is metastasis. A definitive diagnosis usually requires the histologic examination of tissue by a pathologist. This tissue is obtained by biopsy or surgery. Most cancers can be treated and some cured, depending on the specific type, location, and stage. Once diagnosed, cancer is usually treated with a combination of surgery, chemotherapy and radiotherapy. As research develops, treatments are becoming more specific for the type of cancer pathology. Drugs that target specific cancers already exist for several cancers. If untreated, cancers may eventually cause illness and death, though this is not always the case.The unregulated growth that characterizes cancer is caused by damage to DNA, resulting in mutations to genes that encode for proteins controlling cell division. Many mutation events may be required to transform a normal cell into a malignant cell. These mutations can be caused by radiation, chemicals or physical agents that cause cancer, which are called carcinogens, or by certain viruses that can insert their DNA into the human genome. Mutations occur spontaneously, and may be passed down from one cell generation to the next as a result of mutations within germ lines. However, some carcinogens also appear to work through non-mutagenic pathways that affect the level of transcription of certain genes without causing genetic mutation.Many forms of cancer are associated with exposure to environmental factors such as tobacco smoke, radiation, alcohol, and certain viruses. Some risk factors can be avoided or reduced.

QUESTION ID: 04KC6MI8TTS5EYI
QUESTION SUBJECT: since i know France is a powerful country but why during the world war II it lost to Germany and being invaded
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70048
France wasn t prepared for WW2.  The French spent the interwar period bemoaning the waste of WW1 and fortifying their borders with Germany and Austria (Maginot Line).  They ignored the German WW1 strategy of wheeling through the Low Countries and entering France through Belgium (they left the border with Belgium unfortified), and their army wasn t anywhere near as large as the heavily conscripted Nazi army.  French tactics were based on WW1, where Hitler had used the Spanish Civil War to test new technologies and tactics.  The German AirForce was devastatingly powerful, and French air defenses weren t ready for anything of that magnitude.That s why France was occupied in WW2.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5051
Bad military planning and leadership, political division and third rate politicians, hostility to and distrust of the only army in the field with them.Lots of other good points made and a few daft ones. Even although they are our national enemy, that doesn t mean they aren t good soldiers if they have good officers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5052
They weren t ready. After WWI France fell into the classic example of an exhausted victor who stayed on its positions unlike its enemy who would do its best to get better to get its revenge. The destructions France suffered in WWI also pushed an anti-war feeling which, added to the political infighting and the lack of money, blocked the development of the new tactics invented by De Gaulle, Estienne, Camon, Deygas (the same ideas  Guderian, Fuller, Toukhatchevski were developing in their own countries). In short, the higher up refused to take the new weapons into account and still considered infantry as the main weapon of an army (even Guderian had a lot of trouble making himself heard in Germany, but he succeeded). When they met those tactics they were overwhelmed. To those  who say that the French did not fight, I might mention that they lost 90,000 men, the UK 3,000, the Belges 7,500 and the Germans 63,000.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15158
French People, no offense but French people are a mighty people but when it comes to wars, they are somewhat gay... I mean the French were poor on military at that time,.....
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22829
They re powerful in nothing. Germany marched through them with hardly a shot having been fired.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30407
they surrendered i think !?because they re wussies
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64116
History is way more complex than one can imagine.  The best way to understand the situation in France is via a wonderful historian named William Shirer // {Collapse of the Third Republic: an inquiry into the fall of France in 1940 By William Lawrence Shirer  http://books.google.com/books?id=axogAAAAMAAJ&dq=inauthor:William+inauthor:Lawrence+inauthor:Shirer&pgis=1It is actually wrong to use the word lpst in an odd sense since what truly happened was that France collapsed, the Germans only occupied the parts of the Nation that they wanted and left the French to rule over the renmants and did very little to exploit the French Colonial Empire....The France of 1914 resisted Germany successfully and eventually won the war.  Then France lost the Peace.  France fell into factional fighting that weakend the country.  Many in France welcomed Hitler and the Germans.  Strong decisive leadership can be appealing.  When the Germans invaded in 1940 they used shock tactics that sent shockwaves of fear through the French military and the body politic of the state.  It seemed to make sence to surrender quickly rather than to fight on even though they certainly could have and should have.  This will sound weird but here goes, France did not so much lose to Germany rather France lost itself.  As stated initially the French merely surrendered, agreed to German terms, and mostly sat it out in what was called Vichy France.  (quick answer; internal political upheavel, defeatist generals who mismanged the resources available to them, German shock tactics worked quite well, a lack of up to date weapons, and over reliance on the Maginot Line...)Peace.......... o o o p p po o o op p p o o
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64117
Well, according to Florence king s mother, the answer to why France gets invaded so easily is quite simple.  In Confessions of a Failed Southern Lady Miss King has this to say aobut the matter. It is 1952.  Now 16, I have lost my baby fat and gone from duckling to swan, and my mother, who normally pays no attention to anything except baseball and her hero Sen. Joe MacCarthy, is being uncharacteristically maternal.  We are washing dishes when suddenly, out of the blue, she says: If a man ever asks you to do something funny to him, you tel him to go to hell, you hear?  What do you mean something funny ?  Never mind, just promise me Mystified, I promised.  the mystery deepened as she swung off into one of her patriotic tangents. That s why the French can t win a war without our help!  It saps their strength!  They re so busy doing something funny to each other that the Germans just walk right in!  So there you have it.  The French get invaded because their strength is sapped by doing something funny to each other.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64118
1. Wrong strategy: Avoid trench warfare was France s great desire; it built the Maginot Line, and had elaborate plans to move its armies north to block Germany s entry from Belgium, as it did in the First. France never expected the Germans to attack through the Ardennes, and had inadequate and incompetent troops in the region.2. Wrong tactics. France deployed all its troops and left itself with no reserve, and with no transport capacities to shift troops to threatened area, or to counterattack at threatened points. The defense cracked like an eggshell at the German s initial breakthroughs.3. Wrong generals. Senior generals were old, still obsessed with old ideas, and bitterly at odds with one another. The French political leaders bear much of the blame for creating, condoning, and permitting this to continue.4. France had superiority in several vital areas: it had more and better tanks, it just couldn t;t move them around, or refuel them when they had them in place. It had more artillery, but lousy communications among the army, It had a large army. but its discipline was terrible, and its morale very weak, It had no sense of urgency at all when in maneuver.5. Panic set in at the first setbacks, within the senior officer ranks, and that was felt down to the lowest ranks. Many times whole divisions abandoned positions and fled to the rear in complete rout at the mere rumor of german troops.6. The Germans were excellent at combined arms attacks, coordinating tanks, infantry, arty, and air attacks at a given point. German officers lead from the front and were excellent improvisors, and excelled at exploiting their opportunities.For example, Rommel got his troops across the Meuse through the daring of several platoons of troops who panicked battalions of troops in entrenched, fortified positons.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64119
France was not prepared at all for World War II. They had the Maginot line, buy the Germans just went around it. The French were not expecting any attack and when the Germans invaded, the French were overwhelmed with the Blitzkreig strategy. The Germans had tanks, airplanes, millions of men, and i guess some navy support. That is why the French were defeated in 4 weeks. The French people never really fought back, (not like during occupation with the french resistance).They just let the Germans come in through their front door and be one step closer to taking over thet world.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64120
Because in 1940 Germany had the best trained, best organised and best generald army in Europe. Her use of Blitzkrieg against France and the confidence gained by the defeat of Poland put the average Wehrmacht soldaten on a totaly different professional level.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64121
Contrary to some of the responses above, France was powerful, it had more divisions than the Wehrmact, it s tanks were equal to and superior to the German Mark IIIs.  They lost, because of tactics.The french fought the static war of WWI, relying heavily on the Maginot Line.  It s tanks were used in penny packets supporting the infantry, rather than the massed formations of the German panzers.The result was a complete german victory.

QUESTION ID: 05E7K8SM0YRVT16
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is the heartbeat initiated and controlled?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 81330
Not quite true. The heart will beat by itself, with no signal from the brain. The SA node is the pacemaker of the heart. Electrical signals are generated there, spontaneously, with no external source. The speed of these signals is modified largely by sympathetic/parasympathetic nervous system, which is modulated by such things as pressure sensors in the arteries and endorphins.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81331
Cardiac muscle possesses the inherent power of rhythmic contraction. The cardiac impulse starts at the sino-atrial node or sinus , which is a collection of highly specialised nerve tissue, placed near the entry of the superior vena cava into the right atrium. This node is often spoken as the pace-maker of the heart . It will work by itself-that is without nervous stimulation-but its rate is affected by the vagus and sympathetic nerves. The heart beat starts here and passes over both atria and also to the atrio-ventricular or auriculo-ventricular node which lies at the upper part of the inter-verticular septum. From this node the impulse passes to a special bundle of nerve and muscle tissue known as the bundle of His which passes on the cardiac impulse and spreads it over all parts of the ventricles.In a condition known as heart block , the bundle of His fails to transmit the impulses started at the sino-atrial node or sinus. If the block is incomplete the ventricles only respond to every second or third impulse. In complete heart block the ventricles contract independently of the atria. In this condition they obey a new pace-maker in the bundle of His.

QUESTION ID: 06LG1V3A1SFM7PT
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many US states are there?
QUESTION CONTENT: Look im English hence i don t know and no longer care.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 81457
At the Declaration of Independence, the United States consisted of 13 states. In the following years, this number has grown steadily due to expansion to the west, conquest and purchase of lands by the American government, and division of existing states to the current number of 50 U.S. states:    * Alabama    * Alaska    * Arizona    * Arkansas    * California    * Colorado    * Connecticut    * Delaware    * Florida    * Georgia    * Hawaii    * Idaho    * Illinois    * Indiana    * Iowa    * Kansas    * Kentucky    * Louisiana    * Maine    * Maryland    * Massachusetts    * Michigan    * Minnesota    * Mississippi    * Missouri    * Montana    * Nebraska    * Nevada    * New Hampshire    * New Jersey    * New Mexico    * New York    * North Carolina    * North Dakota    * Ohio    * Oklahoma    * Oregon    * Pennsylvania    * Rhode Island    * South Carolina    * South Dakota    * Tennessee    * Texas    * Utah    * Vermont    * Virginia    * Washington    * West Virginia    * Wisconsin    * Wyoming
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29444
50
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29445
50.Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Conncecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illionois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennesee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.

QUESTION ID: 07IR2DA7KHZEJYD
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is untreated essential hypertension is dangerous?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 11947
Untreated hypertension is dangerous for many reasons.  It strains your kidneys, heart, and entire vascular system.  You can end up with a stroke, heart failure or renal failure.  The thing about hypertension is that it doesn t make you feel bad until you have serious damage done to your body.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45360
Primary, or essential, high blood pressure accounts for 95% of all cases of hypertension.  Secondary high blood pressure, which is caused by another disease or medication, is less common.Untreated high blood pressure can damage the delicate lining of the blood vessels. Once a blood vessel is damaged, fat and calcium can easily build up along the artery wall, forming a plaque. The blood vessel becomes narrowed and stiff (atherosclerosis), and blood flow through the blood vessel is reduced. Over time, decreased blood flow to certain organs in the body can cause damage, leading to:Heart disease, heart attack, and abnormal heartbeat. Stroke. Kidney (renal) failure. Peripheral arterial disease. Eye damage (retinopathy). Atherosclerosis.Click these links if you would like more info:http://www.webmd.com/hypertension-high-blood-pressure/tc/High-Blood-Pressure-Hypertension-What-Happenshttp://www.webmd.com/hypertension-high-blood-http://www.americanheart.org/presenter.jhtml?identifier=4603

QUESTION ID: 08QVVX2A2IYG7LE
QUESTION SUBJECT: If evolution is true, why do evolutionists say that they don t know how life began?
QUESTION CONTENT: They talk about how they THINK a prehistoric animal became a modernday animal. But Dr. Hooter said exactly: It is a great mistery how fins turned into limbs. But they obviously did. No proof whatsoever. As Darwin himself put it, Evolution is based on faith alone. 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74778
First of all, evolution is the study of how life changes over time, not how life began. That is abiogenesis.  Secondly, evolution has progressed as a field of study FAR beyond Darwin s natural selection ideas.  Darwin was quite rightly mystified about how the heck changes accumulated in living organisms since DNA wouldn t be discovered for decades.  Darwin merely observed that evolution took place and postulated the survival of the fittest paradigm as a motivator, without understanding exactly what mechanism accounted for it.The trouble with most Creationists-  scratch that. ONE of the troubles with most Creationists is that they seldom actually argue against evolution as it really is, but against straw-man charicatures of evolution.  Rather than actually educating themselves about the subject they ask inane questions like If man evolved from monkeys, why are there still monkeys? and then pat themselves on the back thinking they ve scored points rather than revealing their ignorance about the subject.  And then the choir they are preaching to nod their heads and agree.  Here s a few simple things to remember:1. Evolution is NOT the study of how life began.http://www.origins.tv/darwin/abiogenesis.htm#Origins2. Evolution does NOT say man came from monkeys.http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/homs/3. There will be no intermediary forms if by that you expect to see a half-this/half-that critter, nor does evolution say there should be.http://www.origins.tv/darwin/transitionals.htm4. Evolution is not incompatible with religious faith.  Plenty of scientists believe in both God and evolution.  It is only incompatible with the literalist view of Genesis espoused by young earth creationists. Of course, these folks views run counter to geology, physics, paleontology, archeology, and astronomy as well.http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/faq-god.htmlhttp://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/interpretations.html5. While there is vigorous debate about some of the mechanisms and features of evolution, there is no doubt in the scientific community that evolution is real. OF COURSE you will find some cranks out there on the fringe who will fight against evolution (most making a tidy living giving talks to fundamentalist religious groups), just like there are historians who insist the Holocaust didn t occur.  Every large enough group will have it s nutballs.http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/credentials.htmlhttp://www.talkorigins.org/origins/faqs-creationists.htmlhttp://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/quotes/http://home.entouch.net/dmd/moreandmore.htmhttp://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/edwards-v-aguillard/amicus1.html6.  Yes, speciation has been observed.http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/faq-speciation.html7. Theory means something entirely different in scientific language than in colloquial use. In science, a theory is a well-tested model of how things work, not just a guess. http://wiki.cotch.net/index.php/Evolution_is_only_a_theory8. Evolution is not guided solely by random chance.http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/chance.htmlI personally don t care if somebody wants to believe that God, Allah, or the Tooth Fairy created the universe.  What does bother me are those people who argue against a cartoon view of evolution because they feel that it threatens their faith, or because they are too lazy to learn what evolution is before choosing to try and smear it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23494
This is because evolution is not true.  God created the earth in 6 days and rested on the seventh.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23495
Check your premise.  Does evolution truly state anything about a beginning? 

QUESTION ID: 08SM76K7H6PNOKH
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many hours of daily sleep does a person (grown) need?
QUESTION CONTENT: grown up i mean!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74787
The average person needs 7-8 hours a night, but it differs for every person. Some people may need as much as 10 hours a night and others need much less. If you sleep longer on the weekends than during the week, you probably aren t getting the sleep you need every night.Read more and better at http://www.beddingexperts.com/bettersleep.htmWhen daily sleep time is less than an individual needs, a ???sleep debt??? develops. Even relatively modest daily reductions in sleep time (for example, one hour) can accumulate across days to cause a sleep debt. If the debt becomes too great, it can lead to problem sleepiness. Although the individual may not realize his or her sleepiness, the sleep debt can have powerful effects on daytime performance, thinking, and mood. Representative Total Sleep Requirements for Various Species  Species - Average Total Sleep Time (hours/day)  brown bat  19.9  python  18.0  owl monkey  17.0  human infant  16.0  tiger  15.8  squirrel  14.9  golden hamster  14.3  lion  13.5  gerbil  13.1  rat  12.6  cat  12.1  mouse  12.1  rabbit  11.4  jaguar  10.8  duck  10.8  dog  10.6  bottle-nosed dolphin  10.4  baboon  10.3  chimpanzee  9.7  guinea pig  9.4  human adolescent  9.0  human adult8.0  pig  7.8  gray seal  6.2  goat  5.3  cow  3.9  sheep  3.8  elephant  3.5  donkey  3.1  horse  2.9  giraffe  1.9  Read more about sleep misconceptions at:http://science.education.nih.gov/supplements/nih3/sleep/guide/info-sleep.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16562
At least 6 to 8.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23512
it is of 4 hours to 10 hours depends upon your body, lifestyle, age , habit....but 7 to 8 hour is suitable for all ....
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23513
If you are a person who puts himself a lot of pressure and wants to work to the fullest productivity. Then you are a good with 8 hours of sleep.If you are a person who justa has to be at work for the sake of attendence, then less is acceptable.But there have been people who used to work to the fullest, but their situation is different. For example world s greatest mathematician Erdos used to sleep 3 hours for most part of his life. He published record number of 1500 papers. But he would go to very deep sleep at once. Sometimes he used to snore off on dinner table. He can afford to do that, but we as normal people may not be accepted if we do that. So its all about your thinking and where you want to be. If you wanna be one like Erdos or Sir Newton, you might take chances.But remember if your body does not recognize it then it might have abnormal results.But optimal sleep is 6-8 hours. Which means sleeping more than 8 hours is as good as sleeping less than 6 hours. You do the same damage to your body.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23514
ideally.. 4 hrs r good enough..there...s really  no time to waste .. so if somthing cud b invented that cud compensate the sleeping hrs of a human being in just a few minutes.. would b wonderful...well peope r doing research on the same!!

QUESTION ID: 08T75LCJUQB3A3H
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do cells produce energy?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 62289
ATPPlants and animals use this chemical to power themselves.  Plants produce it out photosynthesis and animals produce it out of the oxygen they breathe in and through chemical reactions.According to Wikipedia:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adenosine_triphosphate Adenosine 5 -triphosphate (ATP) is a multifunctional nucleotide that is most important as a molecular currency of intracellular energy transfer.  In this role, ATP transports chemical energy within cells for metabolism. It is produced as an energy source during the processes of  and cellular respiration and consumed by many enzymes and a multitude of cellular processes including biosynthetic reactions, motility and cell division. In signal transduction pathways, ATP is used as a substrate by kinases that phosphorylate proteins and lipids, as well as by adenylate cyclase, which uses ATP to produce the second messenger molecule cyclic AMP.The structure of this molecule consists of a purine base (adenine) attached to the 1 carbon atom of a pentose sugar (ribose). Three phosphate groups are attached at the 5 carbon atom of the pentose sugar. ATP is also incorporated into nucleic acids by polymerases in the processes of DNA replication and transcription. WhenATP is used in DNA synthesis, the ribose sugar is first converted to deoxyribose by ribonucleotide reductase. ATP was discovered in 1929 by Karl Lohmann, and was proposed to be the main energy-transfer molecule in the cell by Fritz Albert Lipmann in 1941. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3973
I will make it simple for you. it is a process called the krebs cycle, where the cell uses the enrgy from food and water and carbon dioxide which are processed on the mitichondria of the cell.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62290
Cells get their energy from the food that we eat.  The most important energy sources are sugars (carbohydrates: like glucose etc.), Fats, and Protein.  Each of these classes of molecules has a different way that it is metabolized within the body.  Ultimately, ATP is formed.  ATP is used in many many biological reactions, and is the energy currency of the cell.  As an example for glucose (sugar), first glycolysis ocurs, then the krebs cycle, then the respiratory chain is used, finally making ATP.  Different energy sources can plug into this pathway at different points.  The krebs cycle and the respiratory chain occur or exist in the Mitochondria, an organelle...

QUESTION ID: 0AHOCNF8TQLQG5R
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to find a Slope-Intercept Form from a graph?
QUESTION CONTENT: just wanna know the how to find the mx in a graph i think i know but the equation doesn t work with a table
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2541
You can compute the slope (m) from two points:m = (y2 - y1) / (x2 - x1).Then from there you can write:y = mx + bNow plug in m from above, and also plug in a value for (x, y) from any of the points.  Solve this for b.  There, you have the values of m and b as desired.For example:Let s say you had these data points:X Y1 32 43 56 8Now take any two points like (1,3) and (6,8)m = (y2 - y1) / (x2 - x1)m = (8 - 3) / (6 - 1)m = 5 / 5m = 1So you have:y = mx + by = (1)x + by = x + bSubstitute in a point, like (2, 4)4 = 2 + b4 - 2 = b2 = bb = 2The intercept is 2.  The equation of the line would be:y = x + 2
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12150
if you have a graph I would used rise over run techinique this always works.

QUESTION ID: 0AZDCS47R4O2XWK
QUESTION SUBJECT: Do you believe in Darwinism (evolution)?  Why or why not? Explain.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 22072
First of all, people, get the idea that Darwinism and Creationism have to contradict OUT OF YOUR HEAD.It is perfectly acceptible, logical, and possible to beleive in both theories.The Bible says that God made the world in six days(resting on the seventh).  Did the Bible specify how long a day was?  No.  Perhaps the Biblical writers simply used the term day as a word for a set period of time.  The Bible was divinely inspired, meaning that it was God expressing what he wanted to be said through the human authors and all their faults and strengths.  The authors may not have been able to grasp the concept of a mellenia.  They simply knew that within six unspecified-time-periods, the world was made.  Now, lets say that each day was a hundred million years.  First came light, etc.  Eventually, along came creatures.  The Bible does not even say that God made all of these creatures in one shot.  Perhaps the first things he made were (and I am saying this without knowing the actual order in which things came) the dinosaurs.  They were there for a few mellenia, then died out, and God made the rest of the animals: thus, the garden of eden.  Then came man.  Now, it is entirely possible that while God was making Adam, and then taking one of his ribs and making Eve, somewhere millions of miles away, cromagnum(sp?) man was evolving out of monkeys.  You can say that we are decentants of Adam and Eve, and that the paleolithic neanderthals did not get as evolved physically as we are now.So, yes, I do beleive in Darwinism.  But I also beleive in Creationism, and I hold to the fact that they do not contradict.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11170
The evidences for evolution are far too many to give in response to this question!  I ll mention one that isn t talked about very much in the creationism-evolution debate: biogeography.Organisms that are found in limited areas often can grow in other areas.  For example, pineapples are native to Hawaii, but they can grow in many tropical climates.  The cocoa tree, which gives us chocolate (yum!), is native to South America, but can grow widely in the tropics.  The kudzu vine (cursed be the kudzu!) is native to Japan but thrives in the southeast US.However, if people haven t moved them around, we don t find plants and animals growing just anywhere they can.  They grow close to other plants and animals that are quite similar!One explanation for this is that God created these very similar species in restricted geographic areas.  But why would he do that when they could live many different places?  And why does it look like continental drift has influenced the locations where some plants and animals live?   If we figure out from geology when Australia broke away from Asia, we find from paleontology and genetics that the only mammals at that time were marsupials.  What do we find on Australia?  Marsupial mammals but no placental mammals.  Why would God do that to us, make it look like plate tectonics and continental drift together left placental mammals off Australia when really he did it?Another explanation is that one species evolves from another, and so, is more likely to be found near the species from which it evolved, and near other closely related species.  This explanation is preferred by scientists because it does not require the whimsical action of a supernatural being, and it seems to make a lot of sense.Intelligent design is a varietyof the pseudoscience of creationism, which was created by Christian fundamentalists.The Christian doctrine of creation, as understood by mainstream Christians, teaches that God created and sustains the universe. It does not specify whether the original creation was accomplished by divine creation (creation ex nihlo), the Big Bang, or by another means.Fundamentalists believe that the Bible is inerrantly and infallibly true. They fear that if any aspect of the Bible is not literally true (that it doesn t mean what they interpret it to mean), then the salvation promised by Jesus was a lie.This extreme belief, coupled with general knowledge of science, has led fundamentalists to create a set of beliefs to rationalize their interpretation of the Bible with their knowledge of science. That set of pseudoscientific beliefs has evolved from creationism to scientific creationism, to intelligent design.By far, the large majority of Christians do not link the factual correctness of the Bible to the spiritual truths it reveals and the promise of salvation made by Jesus.Thus, by a wide margin, most Christians believe in the doctrine of creation, but do not believe in the pseudoscience of creationism, whatever name it goes by.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13435
Darwin made a brave move which made a lot of people nerves.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71702
His theory works on the premise of cause and effect but the fact that many mutations are lopst to time and that there are trillions of creatures that should have been included in the fossil record but have neever been found is controvesial.Darwin believed that topday we should have come accross almost a complete fossil record but the fact remains that there are no more than 10 complete dinosaur skeletons in existence and that what preceded them is completely missing. So far the only other theory which is as popular is creationism but we have a long long way to go before understanding the secrets of evolution and whether or not its apparent effect is just confined to this planet.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 73419
Yes I do.  It is built on observation and evidence, and with the advent of genetic testing, evolution science has taken huge leaps forward.Creationism is nothing more than mythology backed by faith, and most creationists arguments reveal a woeful misunderstanding or misrepresentation of evolutionary science.If you are interested in learning about evolution, a good starting point is http://www.talkorigins.org/
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 73420
Evolution makes perfect sense from a genetic persepctive.  Why else would there be such genetic similarities between humans and worms?  Why is it that we can genetically estimate common ancestors of various species?  If a divine creator just put a bunch of animals and plants on the earth all at once, he certainly did his part to make them look like they evolved from common sources.For example: Why is it that the histones, proteins that DNA wraps aroun, in the chromatid of nearly all animals (plants probably too) are identical?As for fossil record, why does it have missing animals?  The simple answer, is that of all the animals that once lived on this planet, we have so few fossils.  Most of the remains of prehistoric life in the gorund (vast, vast, vast majority) have not been found and were probably destroyed a long time ago throughout the earth s history, and evolution may have happened in big changes, since suchsmall genetic differences lead to such huge changes in animal morphology.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 73421
no its imposible DNA is much to complex to have made itself and if we evolved from random mutations we would look realy strange and I have a book that proves that evolution is a FRAUD
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83199
If it walks like a duck, looks like a duck, quacks like a duck...it s probably a duck.Darwin is most likely right!

QUESTION ID: 0BGCV73MPV4GBDG
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can i get rid of acne?
QUESTION CONTENT: please help me pimples are anoying
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7028
Acne is a term, which is generally used to describe whiteheads, blackheads, and pimples. Most of the teenagers get the type of acne called acne vulgaris, which can show up on the face, neck, shoulders, back, and chest. Acne problems need proper and timely care and cure in order to avoid severe problems. Acne can be troublesome and very stubborn; at the same time, it can be a cause for acute depression in people. So, treat Acne before it becomes a major problem. You can easily reduce the problems of Acne by following some tips, which are very useful for you.Here are some tips for people of any age who want to keep their skin clear and to reduce acne problems: If you have this problem on your skin do not pick, pop or squeeze, scratch or scrub or otherwise mess with your skin. Squeezing these blemishes or whiteheads can cause infection or scarring which may seem very hideous on your face. Try to wash your pillowcase very often and always use fresh and clean face towels. Dirty towels and pillowcases can have bacteria and germs, which can make your acne problem worse. Avoid unreasonably touching your face with fingers. Regularly shampoo your hair and be sure to pull your hair away from your skin when you are going to sleep. If possible, try to reduce your stress levels. Shower as soon as possible after your work completed since sweat combined with skin oils can trap dirt and bacteria in your pores. Always clean your face with lots of water. Try to clean cosmetic brushes regularly in soapy water and throw out your old, contaminated makeup. Wear makeup only on special and compulsory occasions. Do not go to bed with makeup on your face and then make sure you remove it completely. It can block your pores and lead to breakouts. Granular facial scrubs can make your acne worse by irritating the skin. Use soft and smooth scrubs for your face wash. Use current treatments, such as Nature s cure vanishing cream; anywhere that you tend to get breakouts do not just spot-treat existing pimples. The pore-clogging process happens approximately two to three weeks before any blemish becomes visible on the skin. Try to avoid expose to sunrays, which may cause sunburn and irritation. Keep in mind about your food diary to work out if you are one of the few people whose acne gets worse if they eat certain things. Do various exercises regularly to get the old blood flowing, and make sure you get a wash as soon after as possible. Daily eating foods with essential fatty acids are more important to people who have dry skin or acne. Make use of olive oil with a little very fresh flaxseed oil in your salads, which can reduce acne problem. In favorite wear loosely fitted clothes and accessories. In the clothes you wear everyday, not to use tight clothes, which may cause too much rubbing against your skin.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21127
See your doctor - they can prescribe medication that s way more effective than anything you can buy over the counter.Retin-A works wonders. It also shrinks your pores so when you re older, your skin stays firm and tight.Be careful of Tea Tree oil.. It s very harsh on your skin. While it will take away pimples.. if you re skin is sensitive - it will make your face red....
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67515
Try proactiv it really works, I had severe acne and within a couple of weeks it started to dissappear and my skin started looking great again.  I was also drinking at least 2 litres of water a day, and trying to exercise and maintain a some what healthy diet, the only time I would have anything greasy or fatty was on a saturday night as a special treat.  I was also told that when you wash your face not to dry it on a towel especially if that towel had been in the bathroom before because everyone was wiping their hands on it and leaving their bacteria on it so this bacteria would transfer to your face.  Also never wash your face with soap it just dries the skin and never wash your face in a basin.  The basin carries bacteria you need to wash with running water.  I usually start with warm water to open the pores up, use the proactiv and then cleanse with cold water to close the pores.  I always have a clean and different towel to wipe my face on and I wash it twice a day after brushing my teeth.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67516
The source below offers some acne solutions.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67517
Clean and clear advantage :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68544
use sandpaper to sand them down.

QUESTION ID: 0CSZO3ZU30VPY12
QUESTION SUBJECT: If you are an atheist, when and why did you first realize religion was incorrect?
QUESTION CONTENT: For me, it was when I was about 10 or 12 and realized that there were many ancient peoples (Egypt, Mesopotamia, etc.) who were no doubt totally sincere about their beliefs, and yet their religons are not gone...
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76243
I think I always have been, I often times went through the motions of a Christian at my parents insistance, but never really believed in the stuff. As a child I read a lot, and adored mythology. Like you, it struck me as odd that people could so sincerly believe in a religion, like the Greeks or the Egyptians, and yet so many years later it s outdated and heathenistic, they re all dubbed myths and put in history books as comical tales at how gullible our ancestors used to be. I remember when my grandmother died quite horribly, from a quick moving form of MS that deteriorated her so awfully, I turned to the Bible she gave me a couple years earlier. I read as much of it as I could (and of course, I m still not completely done with the thing, although it is a goal of mine to read it more), and it just struck me that there was nothing in it to console me. Jesus seemed like a nice guy, as did the idea of God, but it was just that, an idea. I couldn t believe it, it never struck meas even possibly true. Of course that upset me! But really, we all turn to religion as a way to feel better about something or another, typically death it seems, and it hurts when you can t find the easy answers you re looking for. Years later, and unrelated, I started going to a church and working for a couple, at that time I knew I was an atheist, just no one else did. What better way to learn about Christianity than be a spectator from within! I think that solidified that for me, church was such a fun place for me to go, I did the rites with no real feeling behind them, but I absolutely loved the people, however I learned that I would never believe in the Christian religion. Just too many holes, ya know? I now study religions in college, and I love them all. I tell people I do it because to me it s like a little collection. My hobby is collecting religions. However, none of them hold any answers for me, and even though that makes me a default atheist, I truely believe that there is no God, it just doesn;t seem reasonable to me. Ack, I ve written my autobiography! You just asked me a question I ve been itching to answer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24970
I think that my own atheism probably has a lot to do with PBS and reading a lot as a child. I wanted to believe in Christ and make my Grandma happy. I really tried to experience something religious at the National Cathedral on the eighth grade field trip to DC. I was awed by the love that had clearly gone into the structure, but couldn t see god anywhere.By the time I got to high-school it seemed arrogant and ludicrous that my Hindu friends (for some reason I had several) were hellbound because their gods didn t jibe with Jesus.To be fair, the whole reincarnation thing didn t seem to make much sense either.I still look every day for some evidence of god or gods, but I m getting older and still haven t seen any proof. If all this talk about a god-gene is true, I seem to have one that is different than most (a more evolved one, perhaps?). I m fine with it. I wish that more believers had been born with a reason-gene. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24971
It was when I took a look at the grand scheme and saw that many people were willing to die for a cause that other people hated. I realized no one religion was right, and it led me to believe all were wrong. I then realized that humanity was afraid to be mortal, they wanted eternal life and damnation for their enemies.I also agree with wrath puppet, whenever someone would come up to me and say you re going to hell you damned heathen it made me realize that if a god was really out there, wouldn t he be able to forgive someone with beliefs as strong as christianity but supposedly wrong?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48571
when i was 12 because i fealt god was not there

QUESTION ID: 0DCN1C6R04RUG6P
QUESTION SUBJECT: why the name CANCER is only given for overgrowth of cells?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87202
The creature CANCER has many legs and it moves side words and also penetrate in sand very fast. Similarly the the cells affected by disease CANCER also spreads very fast both side words and also by penetrate. Spreading or overgrowth of Cancer cells resembles movement of the creature Cancer. So the name Cancer is given-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70448
The name CANCER is an overall term applied to over 200 different diseases. These diseases each affect a specific cell that for unknown reasons mutates and begins to grow uncontrollably. Cancer can invade local tissue, enlarge, and has the ability to shed hundreds of maligant microscopic cells into the blood stream and lymphatic system. Through this avenue cancer metastasizes and a brand new tumor can grow in a distant location from the original tumor. These satellite tumors can also metastasize and send out hundreds of microscopic cancer cells . . and so it becomes a vicous cycle that if left untreated is fatal.If you are speaking about why the word is used to describe the overgrowth of cells, it is credited to Aulus Cornelius Celsus sometime between 25 BC - 50 who used the word to describe what the tumor looked like . . a crab. Hippocrates also uses the word cancer to describe what a tumor looked like when it was sliced open - he described a roundish solid center surrounded by long and pointy projections that somewhat resembled a crab.ACS: The history of cancerhttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/CRI/content/CRI_2_6x_the_history_of_cancer_72.asp

QUESTION ID: 0DDJPYF10MS6L1T
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does information theory shed light on the origin of human life, if at all?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 21471
the role of information theory is still debatable though research is on according to the book Information Theory, Evolution, and The Origin of Life Information, transcription, translation, code, redundancy, synonymous, messenger, editing, and proofreading are all appropriate terms in biology. They take their meaning from information theory (Shannon, 1948) and are not synonyms, metaphors, or analogies.   The genome is sometimes called a ???blueprint??? by people who have never seen a blueprint. Blueprints, no longer used, were two-dimensional, a poor metaphor indeed, for the linear and digital sequence of nucleotides in the genome. The linear structure of DNA and mRNA is often referred to as a template. A template is two-dimensional, it is not subject to mutations, nor can it reproduce itself. This is a poor metaphor as anyone who has used a jigsaw will be aware. One must be careful not to make a play on words.the sequences of nucleotides or amino acids that carry a genetic message have explicit specificity. (Otherwise how does the organism live?) Now, in this book, the term information does not mean knowledge, although a message composed of a sequence of symbols may transfer knowledge to the receiver of themessage.   The genetic information system operates without regard for the significance or meaning of the message, because it must be capable of handling all genetic messages of all organisms, extinct and living, as well as those not yet evolved. It does not have to be ???about something.???   The genetic information system is the software of life and, like the symbols in a computer, it is purely symbolic and independent of its environment. Of course, the genetic message, when expressed as a sequence of symbols, is nonmaterial but must be recorded in matter or energy. We could, in principle, send the genome of a mosquito to our little green friends on an Earth-like planet somewhere in the Milky Way Galaxy.read on at the below website
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88237
By googling around the web, I don t think that nformation theory shed light on the origin of human life

QUESTION ID: 0DK15C4LR4S1NOD
QUESTION SUBJECT: Is there a whole body MRI for cancer and if so why isn t it used as a standard evaluation tool for cancer pati
QUESTION CONTENT: ents?  My daughter has been diagnosed with Stage IIIC breast cancer and she has been Catscanned, and blood tested, bone scanned and ultrasounded.  What checks for cancer in the body as we are concerned with the spread or mastesization of the cancer to other parts of the body?  Wouldn t a whole body MRI verses just a breast MRI be more effective?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10506
there are whole body MRI s but yeah it would take awhile
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37401
These are all just diagnostic tools that can give some information to the oncologist. The body is a complex organ that can hide disease in many crevices. Your daughter could have every diagnostic test out there and a small microscopic cancer cell could be missed. It is probably not wise to subject your daughter to all of these tests that may not even give you the information the doctors are after. The tests being expensive should be the least of anyones consideration . . only a doctor can determine if the test will be useful to a particular patients situation. Not all tests are effective. Testing should only be done at certain intervals in order to build a complete picture about what is happening in the patients body. Timed intervals and than comparison between tests can give the oncologist valuable informationabout disease progression and subsquent patient treatment.As an example, my son has a rare abdominal cancer. Because it is a soft tissue cancer the best diagnostic tool is a CT scan. However, his doctor wanted to see if a PET scan would be useful for his particular disease (there is no standard protocol, no prior information for his rare cancer).  A PET scan has the ability to light up places in the body that have cancer. It is not good at telling you how large or how fast the cancer has grown, but it can tell you in some cases if cancer is present and confirm its location. Knowing this we had him scanned with both a PET and CT when he was no evidence of disease. . Both tests showed he was disease free at the time. But we knew this was an aggressive cancer and he had been stage IV. So a few months later he was rescanned with a CT, that scan picked up a few small nodules on the liver. Not unexpected. So, we also repeated the PET scan to compare the tests. Right on target, the PET scan lit up in the same spot as the CT, confirming what we suspected. The good news for us was that this was the only place the PET showed cancer. So, now we have two diagnostic tools that we can use for his type of sarcoma. Both a PET and CT will allow the doctor to keep tabs on any disease progession. That is the only purpose of the various scans. Now we know what direction to take for further treatment. These are just tools.As for you daughter, it seems that the oncologist already has all the information he needs and does not need to order further tests at this point. Why put your daughter through a test when he already  has enough information to go forward with treatment? I assume she is going to have chemotherapy? If so, than the chemotherapy is systemic and the intent would be that the chemo take care of any suspected metastasization within the body. She will probably be rescanned in two or three months.Good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37402
Too much ionizing radiation is injurious to health.

QUESTION ID: 0G8GYO0PEU57YX6
QUESTION SUBJECT: why would a Dr. refuse to sign a death certificate ?
QUESTION CONTENT: Hi, my father past away in 2003 of an aortic anurisum and the previous year he had shoulder surgery, and in march 2003 is when he found out about his heart ,he was sceduled to have another surgery on his shoulder in november the day before Thanksgiving, but was cancled when the doctor found out about his anurisum, Two weeks after that he passed away. his heart doctor&the doctor who was to preform the surgery on his shoulder refused to sign the death certificate, why ?                       Thanks&God Bless,                                                          Reneemy  father  died  at home  alone, my mother had gone shopping why would she leave  him by his self she knew how sick he was. I talked to him every day. the last time I talked to him was the night before he died and this has just about killed me, it s been almost 4 years since his death  how can I get past this
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 1104
Did your dad pass away at home or was he in the hospital at the time? I do understand that this is difficult for you. I worked as a EMT for 8 years. Sometime when someone passes away, even if they were carried to the hospital, the doctor will have the coroner to legally declare the patient as deceased. If the heart doctor was not providing emergency care for your dad, he would not be responsible to sign the death certificate. Although if he is the attendin doctor at the time of death, he should have signed. It may be a legal issue. He may be trying to cover his butt. The way your dad passed is difficult to repair and is difficult to diagnose. Most of the time unfortunately it ruptures so quickly and the patient passes because it is almost impossible to respond to the loss of blood. If your dad had an autopsy then the coronor should have signed. The doctor that was to do the shoulder operation would not be responsible anyway.I really would talk with the doctor in question as to why he acted as he did. I am sorry for your loss. If you go ahead and ask the doctor, you would be able to move on with that part of closure.                                                                                             Dear  Renee,                                                                                              After your added the additional information, I would like to share some thoughts with you. I cannot say I know how you feel, but I can understand how you may feel My dad was to have his gallbladder removed. The surgeon operated two days before Christmas Eve in 1994. I felt that something was not right. It didnot add up to do surgery right before Christmas. After, his surgery, the doctor came out of the O.R. recovery room and informed my family that daddy had only 3 months to live. His cancer had grown so much there would be no treatment, only to allow him to do all the things that he could do physically and then he would also have his pain under contolHe died March 29, 1995. The reason behind this sharing is to let you know that all people grieve differently. I just lost it. I was so hurt that I went into a diassociative disoreder and went into the hospital. When my dad died I coulnot go to the funeral. Death of a loved one is terrible. I still grieve the loss of daddy but I have gotten to the point that I accept this and found closure. Some people will expect you to go on with your life and get over it) try to ignor there ignorance or you may want to tell them, they donot understand what you are experiencing and to  keep there advice to themselves. You seem to be holding quite a bit of  anger . Evev if your mother had been at home, it would probably have made any difference in his life. If you can talk to your mom about how you think about that day and you donot understand why see left to go some place  If you cannot ask her, write a letter to her, it would be up to you whether or not give it to her. I feel that your mom probably blames herself  and says to herself, why did I leave, If I had been at home I could have done something there really was not any life-saving care that would keep you dad. Please donot take this and become angry with my answer . I believe that you may be somewhat angry with your   dad for leaving you and you also want to believe that he is alright now. That is something we ask. We want to know that his Spirit goes on. I wrote a letter to my dad. I told him how much I love him and miss him and add the things that you worry so much and you do not understand, why? Read it out loud. You may even want to read it at his resting place. Closure will come to you and you will grieve yourself until you can accept that he had to leave. You will always love him and miss him, but time will pass and you will feel better. There will be times when you can talk about him and remember the good times that you shared. Your faith will help you also. You may want to attend a group of people that are grieving. Some churches offer this in the community. You could also consider talking with a therapist to heelp you understand and get you through the hard times. If you cannot afford it, check with the crisis center and get help too. These people are very kind and understanding. I will ask you to take care when you have closure, you will feel better. It is my feeling that my daddy is my Guardian Angel. Much loving thoughts for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43655
you will have to ask the doctors for their reasons.  there is no way to speculate.

QUESTION ID: 0H6L812VO6GVYEB
QUESTION SUBJECT: why did Japan enter WWII?
QUESTION CONTENT: One of my friends asked me about this and now im really just wondering if any one know please help. I would just like to know one reason or a couple thanks.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70750
Because they had an essentially military-ruled government, where military chiefs promoted imperial expansion.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77684
The Japan question has both proponents and opponents. The main fact was that the Japanese government had two different factions, the militaristic wing and the civilian faction. Japan was an expansionist power who entered WW1 on the side of the Allies but during the treaty of Versailles they were handed an uneven distribution of the spoil as compared to their European counterpart. Japan has recently risen as a power after their successful modernization and high on the victory they had with the Russian fleet in the battle of Tsushima where Russia lost. Japan is an island and thus has very little raw materials and space. From the trend at that time, European powers were practicing colonialism policies and Japan decided to enter the race, by first attacking and annexing Machuria which they made into the puppet government of Manchuko. The military next staged an incident on the Marco Polo Bridge and thus they advanced north and defeated the less equipped Chinese dynasty who was in the midst of their own revolution to overthrow the Ching government. The real threat came when America decided to set up an embargo on goods such as rubber, tin and oil which the Japanese needed to wage a long war. Thus they resorted to declare war by launching the attack on pearl harbour to destroy America s pacific fleet. Within a few months, the Japanese campaign swept through Asia conquering the various European colony such as Indochina, Malaya and Singapore as well as Indonesia.

QUESTION ID: 0JOXIDXBZ7PHW4D
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to ?????
QUESTION CONTENT: whiten teeth ,it costs me 300 quid to have my teeth bleached can you tell me a less expensive way that works
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 65975
wow 300 quid you guys get ripped off there in the UK here in Canada I pay like $60.00 to get my teeth whiten which is like 28 pounds Anyhow there are other steps you can take like I your toothpaste I use this toothpaste with bakingsoda the armon hammer one with advanced whiten and I also use good Mouthwash called Listerine with advanced whiten as well. and you can use those strips too but they are annoying to use though. but here are a few home remedies that you could try AT YOUR OWN risk cause i have never test them out but they apperntly are affective methods for teeth whitening.INGREDIENTS: water baking soda and strawberrysINSTRUCTIONS: First you take 4 straw berrys and cut ofthe stem thenyou take 1/4 a cup of water and 1/2 a cup of baking soda, then you through it all in a blender and blend on low util it becomes slightly pastie,then brush youre teeth with it and re brush with youre regular toothpaste. !!!!WARNING!!!!! it taste horrible but works.ingredients = raw spinachInstructions = chewing on raw spinach whenever u want to is also good ...........thats if u like spinach!Gly-oxide. It can be found at your local drugstore. It s works well and is not harsh like modern cleaning kits (it s also cheaper).baking Soda, Peroxide,&a Minty toothpasteInstructions: Start out by taking some baking soda&putting it on your toothbrush add a few droplets of peroxide&apply your toothpaste. Brush your teeth as normal. Afterwards, if you still have a baking soda&peroxide taste brush your teeth with just toothpaste. When brushing is complete use peroxide as a mouthwash then rinse with water. Never swallow, due to the nasty stuff the peroxide takes off. Also only due this 2 to 3 times a week. Baking soda is abrasive&if you use it to much, the enamel on your teeth will be brushed away.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72609
Crest Whitestrips

QUESTION ID: 0K3H8DP0NBF8KV7
QUESTION SUBJECT: anybody help? my man s got high blood pressure how can i help?
QUESTION CONTENT: bring it down naturally? anybody know?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17123
Most of the answers have already been given in some form but here s some more detail:    Some pills like VitaHeart help reduce sodium/salt in the body and are completely natural.      One added comment: if your man is smoking or has emotional troubles including at work IE a bullying boss, with kids, or with a relationship in his family those issues need to be dealt with as they, as forms of stress, may actually have more effect on blood-pressure than plain physical-health issues.    The real first trick with health is more often than not far from expensive medication but in a diet that helps improve metabolism (rather than starve someone to lose weight).  Garlic and OMEGA3 (not 6) fish-oil(or fish oil capsules, at least 2 a day) also help and try to avoid excessive Omega-6 (which comes from bread-based products like crackers, chips, bread, noodles).  Try to get your husband to stick to low glycemic food (no juices, high sugar (over 25 grams per day), and potato or bread-based products).  Get him carbs through fruits and vegetables and not drinks (maybe buy a grill and olive oil to keep the veggies from tasting boring).  Use unsweetened Soy Milk in place of regular milk and olive oil butter in place of regular butter.   Also avoid all products with higher saturated fat content then monounsaturated fat (IE non-soy cheese products) and any hydrogenated oils (which are unlabelled trans fats) and, in general, don t trust restaurants for good nutrition (Subway and Chili s guiltless grill items are some of the best, however).   Grilled fish, especially salmon, is a great health food.   With this diet your husband will be metabolizing very quickly, balanced to convert food to energy not fat, and definitely hyper enough for some serious exercise (take that comment in any way you want).  Be it running, cycling, or even a good 30 minutes inside (I won t go into detail) anything that gets his heart rate above 135-ish is fair game (you might want a heart-rate monitor to double check, though)...but make sure the exercise is 30 minutes or more a day: it takes 20 minutes of exercise before the body starts burning existing body fat in considerable amounts rather than just using carbohydrates for fuel.        I have had friends follow this and lose 30-70 pounds in 3 months (within that range differences mostly depend on genes) and go from not being able to run half a mile to running 6 miles.  Needless to say blood pressure by that time was far below pre-hypertension.     I d say try giving him a month with these tips before blowing your budget on satins and medical care.    If he s disciplined I am sure he can recover with these habits alone.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52494
You need to bleed him, start with his wallet

QUESTION ID: 0MDQWMJVXC2FS7M
QUESTION SUBJECT: how far does the skier move before stopping?
QUESTION CONTENT: A skier starts from rest at the top of a hill that is inclined at 10.7?? with the horizontal. The hillside is 225 m long, and the coefficient of friction between snow and skis is 0.0750. At the bottom of the hill, the snow is level and the coefficient of friction is unchanged. How far does the skier move along the horizontal portion of the snow before coming to rest?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2678
while sliding down, net force on skierma = mg sin 10.7 - uk[mg cos 10.7]where uk = 0.075 = kinetic friction coeffacceleration = a = g sin 10.7 - uk[g cos 10.7]= 1.0973 m/s^2=================he started with u = o speedv = speed at end of inclinev^2 = u^2 + 2 a L = 2 a L = 2*1.0973*225v = 22.22 m/s=============== with (v) speed he starts moving on horizontal surface under opposition from friction force (uk * N)decrease in KE = work done against friction decrease in KE = F(fric) *d cos (180)F (fric) and d (displacement are opposite)0.5 m[0 - v^2]= - {uk mg} * d v^2 = 2 {uk g} * d d = v^2/2*0.075*9.8d = 335.87 meter
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31623
it depends on how gradually the hill changes from its incline to a level plane..  it couldn t be an instant change or else he d crash and his skis would break..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83770
Sum of the forces along the hill = m*a = m*g*sin(theta) - u*m*g*cos(theta)a = g*sin(theta) - u*g*cos(theta)using vf^2 = vi^2 + 2*a*dvf = sqrt(2*a*d)When the skier hits level ground, gravity is no longer accelerating the skier.Sum of the forces = m*a = -u*m*ga = -u*gagain, using vf^2 = vi^2 + 2*a*d, with vi = vf from the previous part0 = vi^2 - 2*u*g*dd = vi^2/(2*u*g)Plug and chug

QUESTION ID: 0MR7ZWBXP6MP18A
QUESTION SUBJECT: How prepared were you for your first year of college?
QUESTION CONTENT: What do you wish you had learned before going to college?Your biggest challenge?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7457
I was very well prepared. The reason? I homeschooled myself since I was 16.As a refugee s daughter, I couldn t go to regular high school and had to be at home to help with my siblings. I spend my 13 to 16 years reading all what was available, from silly magazines to Decartes. From Virginia Woolf to Hesse and Dickens. I watched the Cosmos series as well as many other documentaries on the TV. I had no pressure to learn or to run schedules. So I read what I wanted.At age 16 I felt that I wanted to have my High School Certificate. I registered myself and studied at home. I asked one of my mom s friends to be my math, chemistry and physics tutor. I finished my High School in less than two years.When I begin at College, I was above average because I could study by myself. I didn t work with book reviews, but with the books themselves, I knew how to do my own research, essay-writting and wrok alone.When I worked as a teacher, I found that many high school kids don t know how to read well, they don t even understand and don t like to read. They are not interested inlearning. Most of them can t work alone and won t do research by themselves.I know that part of it is because the school system kills their interests, the approach is the same for everybody, so their learning styles and pace is not respected. They move down ald lose motivation.I would say that to do well at college you have to:* Know how to read well and be interested in reading.* Know how to look for information and learn by yourself.* Know how to write well* Be able to learn what you didn t and you know you will need.* Be able to concentrate in your own goals.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7458
I was totally unprepared for my first semester of college as the high school I went to (a Technical High School) did not have mid-terms or finals so I had no clue how to handle those.  After getting my feet wet the first semester I was okay during the second one.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76566
well the first year for me went pretty well but the second year however, a whole different story... i slacked off so bad and let my procrastination follow me from highschool..BIG MISTAKE.. so if i could give you any advice it would be to take care of things upfront instead of waiting til its close to too late. Other than that..study hard and college is actually pretty fun. I think my biggest challenge was studying and going to bed on time. I would fall asleep studying b/c its so boring to me! or I would put off studying and stay up to like 4 in the morning talking on the phone, knowing I have 8:00 class. I just wasn t focusing like i should have! But for the future I will get a study group b/c Its much better then studying alone!

QUESTION ID: 0N2J4FRUL0DDNS5
QUESTION SUBJECT: how much do you know know about the musical processes??
QUESTION CONTENT: How can i define in simple language the term Digital and Analog as they refer to musical processes??pls help thx
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2542
Wow, that s a good one.Digital, of course, means that the phenomenon is broken into discrete units: analog means that the thing is continuous.  Analog is the old watch-face with a minute and hour hand, digital is a LCD readout of numbers.  Of course, time is analog in nature...But let s see: music = sound.  Sound factors into amplitude, pitch, duration, and timbre.If you re doing pure electronic music, it s ALL digital--tho the output is generally massaged so that it conveys some analog qualities.In music, the duration (meter, note length) is digital.  That was easy.Amplitude (volume) is represented analogically (what factor of forte or of piano is pianissimo?) but you can measure amplitude digitally.Pitch is digital; the thing is vibrating at a particular hertz.Timbre is analog--the precise balance of the overtones that creates a distinctive tone color can, like any other part of music, be reduced to a digital approximation, but that approximation must be extraordinarily complex if it s to approach the natural experience in reality.There, that s how I would do it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2543
Analog is an exact, real-time representation of the actual acoustical sound wave processes.Digital is a periodic value sampling of the actual acoustical sound wave processes that is reconstructed into analog acoustics by special signal processing algorithms and the value samples.It put it into a simplified analogy.  Digital is paint by numbers, connecting the dots.  The dots represent the digital information.  Analog is the entire drawing, stored away as complete data.

QUESTION ID: 0NCIYCLFJJFWBHD
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does like charges repel each other?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75723
This is a very good question. Ultimately it comes down to being one of the fundamental features of our universe. But it can also be broken down a bit.Like charges repel, and opposite ones attract because of differences in their electric fields. But the electric fields are really part of the larger electromagnetic force. This force is mediated by photons (light) and, indeed light is a self-propagating electromagnetic wave.But there are also three other fundamental forces: gravity, the strong nuclear force and the weak nuclear force. The strong nuclear force is well, strong, but very short range. It holds the protons and neutrons together in a nucleus (otherwise the like charges from the protons would break up every nucleus except hydrogen). The weak nuclear force is sort of a miscellaneous, and comes into play in certain radioactive decay sequences.In the 1980s it was shown that the electromagnetic and weak forces are actually the same thing. The difference we observe is that the universe is, relatively speaking, cold, and these two parts have separated out. It is sort of like having a glass of steam (one thing) which cools down until there is water and ice (two things). The water and ice look a lot different from each other, but are fundamentally the same. In the same way in the very, very early universe when things were a lot hotter, the electromagnetic and weak forces were identical - like the steam in the analogy.More recently it was found that the strong force can also be linked to the electroweak force in the same sort of manner. The mathematical and physical details are different from electroweak unification but the basic principle is the same. It was from this Grand Unification of the electromagnetic, weak, and strong forces the the theoretical notion of quarks came. This GUT has been tested and the experiments show it is right on target.The next step is to connect the electro-weak-strong force with gravity. This is a lot harder because the first three are understood in the context of Quantum Mechanics and gravity is understood with General Relativity. QM and GR are not compatible on some basic principles.One approach that is being tried to combine QM and GR is with string theory. To make this work the universe is composed of 11 dimensions, the usual 3-spatial and 1-temporal dimentsion, plus 7 very, very small spatial dimensions. If these extra 7 are looped around themselves so that they are vastly smaller than a proton, we d never really notice them.What string theory seems to suggest is that there are just some ways to make stuff in the universe, and one of these ways is to create the force particles that mediate the fundamental forces.So, extrapolating that, and realizing that string theory is in no sense proven, we can say that like charges repel because of the geometry (the 11-dimensions) of the universe.But string theory remains far from being complete mathematically, and no one can really make solid predictions yet to test it. So, you can also fall back on the answer in the first paragraph.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75724
I m not sure anyone really knows but it is easy to picture.  Two objects can not occupy the same space.  You can not push a brick into another brick (actually because the electrons of the brick particles repel just as you mention!).But take two unlike objects such as a pint of water and a sponge and they not only can occupy the same space but they attract each other.  You can t push two pints of water into a pint container or two sponges into a box for one but you can place a water saturated sponge into the box.Electrons are surrounded by an electric field and it takes energy to push one electron toward another because only one field can be present at rest.  The energy is required to distort the two electron s fields.  However a free proton (positive charge) and a free electron (negative charge) have fields that are as compatible as a sponge and water and they will attract and combine into a neutron which has no charge.  Hope that helps at least a little.

QUESTION ID: 0OSB4FBJYF6LRFR
QUESTION SUBJECT: why diabetics dont feel pain during heart attacks?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 37079
The autonomic nervous system is composed of nerves serving the heart, gastrointestinal system and urinary system. Autonomic neuropathy can affect any of these organ systems.(Wikipedia)Lack of heart attack symptoms can cause delay in treatmentFor most people who don t have diabetes, heart disease speaks loud and clear. Inadequate blood flow to the heart muscle causes chest pain or pressure, a pounding heartbeat, shortness of breath, jaw or arm pain, and sweating. People with these signs and symptoms know something s wrong and are likely to seek help.In people with diabetes, however, heart disease often doesn t offer such clues, so you may not seek medical care until noticeable ??? and more serious ??? complications have occurred. In other words, you can have a silent heart attack and not know it.Regular visits with your doctor and health care team can help spot heart problems before they worsen. If your doctor suspects you have cardiovascular problems, you may be referred to a heart specialist (cardiologist). Various tests, such as an electrocardiogram (ECG) or a nuclear stress test, can help assess your heart function.(CNN)An insufficient supply of oxygen to the heart muscle causes angina. Angina that occurs with exercise or exertion is called exertional angina. In some patients, especially diabetics, the progressive decrease in blood flow to the heart may occur without any pain or with just shortness of breath or unusually early fatigue. No symptoms (Approximately one quarter of all heart attacks are silent, without chest pain or new symptoms. Silent heart attacks are especially common among patients with diabetes mellitus). Even though the symptoms of a heart attack at times can be vague and mild, it is important to remember that heart attacks producing no symptoms or only mild symptoms can be just as serious and life-threatening as heart attacks that cause severe chest pain. Too often patients attribute heart attack symptoms to indigestion,  fatigue, or stress, and consequently delay seeking prompt medical attention. One cannot overemphasize the importance of seeking prompt medical attention in the presence of symptoms that suggest a heart attack. Early diagnosis and treatment saves lives, and delays in reaching medical assistance can be fatal. A delay in treatment can lead to permanently reduced function of the heart due to more extensive damage to the heart muscle. Death also may occur as a result of the sudden onset of arrhythmias such as ventricular fibrillation. (Medicinenet)Please see Google search on Diabetes and Heart attack.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37080
UNTRUE
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47493
Who says that they don t?

QUESTION ID: 0QUQ7W1PPURAZED
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 25771
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground.  If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77176
because it is not pink
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77177
cause its God s fave color.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77178
STOP IT!!!6th today

QUESTION ID: 0QWARD2XM1GB7HE
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to get run 8km in 28min?
QUESTION CONTENT: actually after training is need how many day to rest?then coutinue.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73214
I have never heard of taking 10 days off before a race. You would not maintain a high fitness level and are risking injury. You would go into a short race stiff and not be able to handle the speed. Even marathon runners don t completely take off a week before. They taper down to a few easy jogs. If you are wanting to run an 8k in 28 minutes, you are a very good runner. That is a 5:38 mile average. Let s assume you run 20-30 miles a week, streatch well, and already do speed work. You should do track work outs twice a week. Vary your work outs but keep in mind your race pace. For example: run 25 400 s at a 1:20-1:25 pace. Another work out could be 13 800 s at a 2:45-2:50 pace. Keep it varied. Two weeks before the race do a ladder with your longest a 5k in 17:30. Take the day after the race off as a rest day. The next day jog but don t go over 10k. Then you can be back to your normal training.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21855
the rule of thumb is, if you are a beginner than you should stop training 10 days before any race. Althlets, who are very efficient would normally stop training 5 or 7 days before a race. i think that s what you are asking...but if you are talking about resting in between training. Again for a beginner, at least 1 day off every week. An elite runner would alternate between hard, fast and easy running days. and maybe take a rest day after 10/12 days of training.

QUESTION ID: 0RCZOACK7SC8Z1R
QUESTION SUBJECT: According to news sites, the Earth s rotation slows only 2 milliseconds each 100 years. So why the heck are
QUESTION CONTENT: ...so why the heck have we added like over 21 leap seconds in the past 30 years???!!!!    Something is not right.  If the Earth only slows 2 milliseconds each hundred years, why not just add 2 milliseconds to the clock each century?!!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23355
Daylight savings are the main cause. The earth s rotation doesn t affect the Sun s rotation. And how do we know if the suns rotation isn t changing too. Which if it were then it s gravitational access holding all the planets would be on a countdown. Inevitably, if the suns access is slowing down then were all going to die.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23356
sorry darrius but the earth is decreasing in the speed of its rotation.  the leap second was not invented to keep track of the loss in estimation of the earths trip around the sunthe earths orbit around the sun is a distinctly seperate thing from the speed of the rotation of the earth.  while it is true the 24 hour day is not exactly accurate the LEAP SECOND is added to accountfor the decrease in speed of earths rotation to keep the clocks from reading noon when its midnight over time.  if you note the years that leap seconds have been added.  you will see they have been added more and more frequently in recent years.  if they were added to account for the leap year inaccuracy they would show up at more or less regular intervals like leap year every 4 years.  they dont because the 2 are mutually exclusive.  leap seconds are being added more and more frequenlty because the earth is slowing more and more.  all i can say is that the news sites probably have OLD and or WILDLY INNACURATE information.  there is a man who runs a website his name is KENT HOVIND.  his Site ishttp://www.drdino.comthere you can find out his phone number i m sure he would be willing to explain all about the leap second and how it applys to the earth and what the earth is doing.  also he can explain how it applys to the scientifically accurate age of the earth and i dont mean radio carbon dating which can be highly inaccurate.  I mean an accurate age of the earth using PROPER application of the laws of PHYSICS!

QUESTION ID: 0XDY7QLRYY7TMVI
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is our health system so messed up?  Talk about it?
QUESTION CONTENT: How come the state, government, social security or DSHS can help the Mexicans, Russians, Hispanics, Arabs and any other foreigners but not Americans when they need help?  Why can t every American get medical like Canada?My girlfriend has had breast cancer twice in the same breast and can t get assistance for medical. She had a mastectomy.  I believe her cancer is in remission now.  She can only get medical if and when the cancer spread or is consider terminal.  What a bunch of B. S.American Cancer SocietyLocal ACS office often help cancer patients with treatment-related travel expenses including transportation, medicine and medical supplies. Along with financial assistance, ACS offers support and advice for cancer patients and family members, as well as extensive news on cancer prevention and research.American Cancer Society say they provide financial assistance but they don t.  Where is all the money going?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 588
We have the high ratio of Lawyers in this country.  All the land mark medical cases won by the lawyers has made the medical profession a less desirable vocation.  Those same land mark cases has run up the cost of being a doctor, having to pay more for insurance and to cover the legal fees.  And guess who really pays for all the Land Mark dollar cases, the general public.  Our medical cost have gone up and the health care has decreased.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 589
Sorry to say but i cant get help and my cancer is considered terminal. You have to be destitute, Ive worked all my life, never got any assistance, until now. And what little help you do get is pathetic. The system works for those that know how to work the system. When you do get some help they make you feel as if you dont deserve it. My insurance will be gone at the end of this month, ive been paying cobra for the last 18 months and had one hard time trying to live and pay it. It makes you feel like just laying down and dying. I guess thats what they really want us to do. I guess you are just considered useless and not worth the trouble when you get sick. Contacted the state where i live for help withinsurance and im told there is only one company that will insure me and the cost was 1,900.00 a month and had a 1,500.00 dedecutable. My lord if i had that kind of money i would nt need insurance. Dont know what im going to do about meds. or my future Dr. appointments. Ive seen from experience when you dont have insurance the hospitals wont turn you away, but they wont give you the same type of care without insurance. You have young girls just going out here and having babys and the state picks up all the bills. Whats the logic in that. If you cant afford to have children why do they keep having them. Ive worked all my life and the taxes we pay go to help them, why doesnt the taxes go to help us when we need it. Im just total discusted with the whole system. All these people running for office are telling that they are going to change the health care system. I ll believe that when i see it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52916
Nice pic Miss Thangi dont know but i hear you and many others do to. all i can offer is an oppinion from one wore out old cynic. its horneritude and hatred by the haves against the have nots. the stuff they do for other....they get paid for doing it in one way or in some other way...they get something. they are not going to do anything for the people they were elected to do something for cause its too damn much like right.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52917
All of the above.  I have been saying for years that we Americans need socialized medicine.  It would be better for all concerned.  Medication prices are out of sight, medical costs and hospitalization is out of sight.  We don t have enough nurses to care for all those who need it in the hospitals.  The nurses we do have are so tied up in red tape and paperwork they don t do hands on care anymore.  They sit behind desk documenting because it is required.  There are too many frivolous law suits that go through our court systems due to negligence, omissions, and just poor practice.  So that costs money.  I could go on and on, but it would do no good, because I would only be preaching to the choir.  We need to alert our elected politicians to make changes.  Get rid of the damn lobbiest who get the big bucks to protect the doctors, and let s get some decent medical coverage for Americans.AND ALSO I got to a doctor here in Australia, I never have to sit and wait an hour or more.  I get in within 15 minutes of my appointment time -- no matter what doctor I go to.  Also ER I have been three times, and have been seen within 20 minutes of my arrival time.  So the US can do better.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52919
It all boils down to money, greed and the insurance companies. If someone is rich and famous that person will quickly receive excellent medical care but if some average individual enters the hospital then he or she had better have some really good medical insurance. Now if that person happens to be elderly and on medicare then only God knows how that person s situation will be handled. Of course, those candidates who are running for office are very good at making promises but when the time comes those promises are immediately rendered null and void .You are absolutely correct when you say our health system is just a bunch of B.S.

QUESTION ID: 0XPTKNYFRJDJQY1
QUESTION SUBJECT: When you start taking chemo, how long does it take for your hair to fall out and how does it do it?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m fine.  So does it fall out all at once, or a clump here and there until it s all gone?  Does it happen pretty fast after starting chemo or does it take awhile?  Do you get to keep your eyebrows and eyelashes, or do they fall out too?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88112
Hair loss is one side effect of some types of chemotherapy. Not all chemo drugs cause hair loss. Each person is an individual and sometimes the hair falls out quickly. Some people take longer. It took my son about two months to lose all his hair. All hair follicles on the body will be affected so you will lose eyebrows and eyelashes . . all body hair.Hair loss is a temporary side effect that last as long as you have chemotherapy. Once you stop chemo than it will grow back.In general your hair loss will mirror the times of month that your hair would normally be growing. Hair grows about a little each month . . if you have chemo during that growth period than the chemo can not tell the different between a growing cancer cell and a growing hair cell . . so it attacks both. That s why the hair falls out. Once you stop chemo treatment the hair will grow back in.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47898
I lost my hair 10 days after my first treatment for breast cancer but I think it can vary on the types of treatment/cocktail ofdrugs.  I didn t lose my eyelashes or eyebrows until I started radiation long after my chemo treatments.  I took prenatal vitamins after all done with treatments&my hair has grown back pretty much the same as always&my lashes&eyebrows are thicker.  God Bless&good luck to you!!

QUESTION ID: 0YRLUBFRTKT1YQE
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I raise my HDL? it stays 40-50-All other Tests are ok?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86834
Measures can be used to increase HDL levels-Aerobic exercise. Many people don t like to hear it, but regular aerobic exercise (any exercise, such as walking, jogging or bike riding, that raises your heart rate for 20 - 30 minutes at a time) increases the HDL levels. Lose weight. Obesity results not only in increased LDL cholesterol, but also in reduced HDL cholesterol. If you are overweight, reducing your weight should increase your HDL levels.Stop smoking. If you smoke, giving up tobacco will result in an increase in HDL levels. (This is the only advantage I can think of that smokers have over non-smokers - it gives them something else to do that will raise their HDL.)Cut out the trans fatty acids. Trans fatty acids are currently present in many of your favorite prepared foods - anything in which the nutrition label reads partially hydrogenated vegetable oils - so eliminating them from the diet is not a trivial task. But trans fatty acids not only increase LDL cholesterol levels, they also reduce HDL cholesterol levels. Removing them from your diet will almost certainly result in a measurable increase in HDL levelsAlcohol. With apologies to the American Heart Association, which discourages doctors from telling their patients about the advantages of alcohol: one or two drinks per day can significantly increase HDL levels. More than one or two drinks per day, one hastens to add, can lead to substantial health problems including heart failure - and there are individuals who will develop such problems even when limiting their alcohol intake to one or two drinks per day. Increase the monounsaturated fats in your diet. Monounsaturated fats such as canola oil, avocado oil, or olive oil and in the fats found in peanut butter can increase HDL cholesterol levels without increasing the total cholesterol.Add soluble fiber to your diet. Soluble fibers are found in oats, fruits, vegetables, and legumes, and result in both a reduction in LDL cholesterol and an increase HDL cholesterol. For best results, at least two servings a day should be used.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43339
it does NOT matter at all.The Lipid Hypothesis is not valid.P.S.  My HDL level is consistently 68-71I eat plenty of saturated fat (percentage wise) my calories are kept  in checkAnd I do ANaerobic excercise I SPRINT.

QUESTION ID: 0Z62LQW6BWS5T78
QUESTION SUBJECT: Evolution says that we evolved from Monkeys, if this is true then why are the monkys still here?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7798
Are you having some sort of existential meltdown?This has nothing to do with actual Philosophy !
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20971
If ice is made from water, and I have ice in myfreezer, then why does water still exist?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59580
Well, for starters, evolution isn t true.  :-)For lots of impressive evidence for creation and against evolution, check out www.answersingenesis.org and www.icr.org.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63633
One of the most popular explanations is the idea of population separation.  The idea is that there was originally one parent population of monkeys (or chimpanzees) in an area, but the group somehow became split (there are several theories that include natural disasters, lack of food, etc.).  One group remained in the original environment and had no need to evolve to adapt, whereas the other group had to adapt to a new setting that encouraged evolution.  If there was no drastic change in the original environment, then the parent population of monkeys would have been able to survive until the present day.  Of course this example is only on a small scale, whereas it probably happened over the course of millions of years in a variety of populations that yielded a variety of progeny.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63634
We didn t evolve FROM monkeys, we evolved WITH monkeys from the same common ancestor until we split apart and are now living peacefully, and evolved differently because of where we are.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63635
No one in evolution says that we came from monkeys. They say that we and monkeys share a common ancestor. At some point in time, one of our ancestors began hunting on the plains instead of sticking to the trees. Because they fulfilled separate ecological niches, there was no competition, so the tree dwelling monkeys and the land based primates diverged, evolutionarily speaking. Over time, various other land based primates evolved, but were out competed by other species better adapted to living on the land. Homo Erectus, Neanderthals, and Cro-Magnon were all examples of land based hominids that had ventured down the evolutionary trail of land-walking hominids. Meanwhile, the tree-dwelling apes, like Chimps and Oranguatangs, or land apes with suitable geographic isolation, like gorillas, did not compete directly with the land hominids, therefor survived. The rest of the land hominids have gone extinct. They were beaten out by the most well adapted species of land hominid: homo sapiens.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63636
Evolution is influences on isolation of populations, so if monkeys find themselves isolated, they evolve in difference directions
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63637
When we human beings clearly understand that the ultimate goal of life is gaining enlightenment (kaivalya jnana) and finally salvation (moksha)... then why do students still study in class one or two. Every human being must directly gain salvation and complete the cosmic journey. Is that what happens in practical life?Are we not bound by the rules of the cosmic system... the evolutionary process! Why kids keep getting born starting their journey of life from class one onwards?Understanding the cosmic system built by God is not that difficult... and is also not so easy! Following the sayings in the scriptures logistically... we shall approach the right answer!Everything in the evolutionary system moves in a clockwork fashion! If we have a beginning... we also have an end! The Cosmos is still growing... still expanding but at a lower rate! Similarly new life keeps generating on Mother Earth. The presence of every form of life is essential for the cosmic system to move smoothly.As all students in class one cannot come first... all monkeys on Mother Earth simply cannot evolve into human beings! Even if that happened... more and more monkeys would keep generating. Why? Life in the cosmic system started with an amoeba (single cell formation). Slowly the amoeba evolved into multi cell formation... then insect life, plant life, animal life and finally the form of human beings.As long as we have lower forms of life existing on Mother Earth... the presence of monkeys and apes would continue uninterrupted! That is how God Almighty built the cosmic system. Out of 8.4 million manifestations on the whole 7.3 million manifestations are spent in the insect, plant and animal form. In the human form alone we have 1.1 million manifestations for human beings to reach the stage of enlightenment and finally gain salvation.We also need to understand that it is not the living form that plays the governing role in the cosmic system. Our soul atman within the body is the absolute master and controller of the body. It is our soul atman that has manifested the body to work out its karma... remove the dross (impurities within). No living form can ever manifest a soul atman.Life in the cosmic system moves on from one manifestation to another uninterruptedly. The balance of one life form gets passed to the next manifestation through the complex process of karma. Whatever is the closing balance of the present manifestation... becomes the opening balance of the next manifestation.If the residual balance of karma of the present life demands we be born in the house of a cobbler... it simply cannot be that we take birth in next life in the house of a king! We just cannot expect mangoes to grow on a guava tree. As we sow so shall we reap... nothing less or more so says the doctrine of karma!Bound by the doctrine of karma and evolution... life moves on in the cosmic system without a break. More on Evolution - http://www.godrealized.org/human_evolution.html

QUESTION ID: 0Z6S2U1FW38BU71
QUESTION SUBJECT: I really don t know how to lose weight?
QUESTION CONTENT: Obviously I know to cut down on calories, (1500 or whatever) and to exercise but I just can t find the willpower. I m not huge, I m just really unhappy with my body. I am 5 4 and I am 130 pounds. I want to get back to 110-115. I ve gained 15-20 pounds in the past 3 months and I don t know why, I ve just lost any self-control. Can someone help me find motivation so I can be happy in my own skin again? And please no answers saying, you re not fat or I hate people like you . I want to do this for me, not for other people. I like being healthy and fit and stuff. I want to be able to run for a long time like I used to be able to do and do better in sports. I want to fit into my old clothes so I don t have to buy new ones and I want to be confident. Can someone help me get on track. Specific tips or tricks you ve tried and found success with? Thanks so much!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5391
For me - not wanting to buy new clothes was the biggest motivator! I think first you should set smaller, realistic goals. For example, maybe set a weight goal of 2 pounds. Once you reach that small goal you have a feeling of success and stay motivated. I ve also realized that my big goals need to be realistic for me. I used to have the goal to be skinny - but its not happening and never will! So I ve found a weight that is comfortable for me and my goal is to stay there (or right now, after the holidays...get back there). Your body has a natural set point, and your body s may have changed so you might not get back down to 110, but it might be realistic to get to 120 and you can be comfortable.I also found that I have to make going to the gym part of my schedule. Its just what I do when I wake up on certain days of the week, no matter how much i don t feel like going. I always feel better after I m there.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5392
If you are serious about wanting to lose weight and get yourself healthy you can take a look at my profile, I use Herbalife products. I can tell you that I really love them and they work well and quick!And, I love that it s purposed/designed so that I don t feel hungry, who???s going to stick to something if they want to eat all the time ya know!In my opinion, (in part) it s not so much about weight sometimes as it is shape. Try to gain lean body mass. I use the shapeworks program and I really enjoy it. It s simple, easy, delicious and nutrition and gives me overall good health!  It works with all kind of weight issues (lose/gain/maintain) as well as to reshape your body with the main benefit of getting you healthy and good overall health and nutrition!  Whatever you choose make sure it s right for you, and good to your body!I can also tell you that it s given me a lot of good energy, I feel so great! As I said I do take them personally, I m not trying to solicit anyone, just sharing my experience!Good Luck to you!  I wish you all the best!

QUESTION ID: 0ZOHZ0JSQZYQI4T
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why am I finding it so hard to knuckle down and go back to college???  I keep makeing up excuses not to go.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 25007
I did the same thing for 4 years! I m finally going back now. I ll be starting classes next week. I don t know why I procrastinated so long. I guess part of me wanted to be able to do what I wanted without having to worry about all the work and responsibility of being in college. I didn t know what I wanted to major in before and I felt like it would be a waste of time to go just to be going. Now I have an idea of what I want to do. I ve had more time to learn what I m good at and what I m interested in career wise. I still find myself thinking Why are you going back now? But now is a good time as any other time. I might as well go back now or else I ll continue to think of excuses not to go. It just takes discipline to go back.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76285
You re just human as are we all. College is work--harder work for some than others.  But, if you re a young person, take a lesson from the commercials that calculate how much to earn over a lifetime with a college education as compared to a high school diploma.  Perhaps, you re perplexed because you don t know what you want to be when you grow up? Well, not to worry.  Just get in there and get your feet wet, so to speak.  Don t choose a major.  Begin with requirements and a favorite subject course or two.  After a semester or two, you ll have a better idea what course(s) of study you want pursue.  (Suggestion/personal preference: a Liberal Arts degree is an excellent foundation for any profession.)  Were it not for illness, I would still be in school myself.  I loved the challenge. I loved interacting with younger people.  And, I loved sharing my life experiences, especially when the instructor was teaching from a purely academic perspective.  As my screen name indicates, I am what is called a returning student.  But in all actuality, I am a continuing student and will be forever, in and/or out of school. Best of luck to you.

QUESTION ID: 104CE4ZLTI1PFNY
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do fights get started mostly in school.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64676
for girls~~~~>>>Gossip Gossip Gossip!!!!<<~~~~~   and over who stole whos boyfriend.    As for boys I would say teasing about things such as how tall , how athletic, how good looking and style.  I don t think boys fight all that much in school.  Boys are more laid back and relaxed.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64677
Well i am currently in a school that has fights every month due to arguing about silly little things which end up to be physical fights. Or maybe they have hatred toward someone and don t know what else to do but choose the wrong road and start a fight.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64678
IT SEEMS almost too obvious to point out. Inadequateeducation and crime are related. They are so interrelated, you could almost say they are the same issue. Not all poorly educated people turn to crime, but almost all criminals, particularly involved with street crime, are poorly educated. findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_qn4176/is_20050519/ai_n15829902This cite is very informativeSchools should be safe and secure places for all students, teachers, and staff members. Without a safe learning environment, teachers may have difficulty teaching and students may find their environment a difficult one in which to learn. Priorities set by schools, local authorities, and state and federal government have prompted the nation to focus on improving the safety of American schools. The effort toward providing safer schools requires establishing good indicators of the current state of school crime and safety, and periodically monitoring and updating these indicators. Student safety is of concern outside of school as well. In fact, as the data in this report show, a larger number of serious violent victimizations happen away from school than at school.1 In 2000, students were more than twice as likely to be victims of serious violent crime away from school than at school.2 http://nces.ed.gov/programs/quarterly/Vol_4/4_4/q2_2.aspA school skirmish has led to assault charges for two teenage girls in Corner Brook, the Royal Newfoundland Constabulary http://www.cbc.ca/canada/newfoundland-labrador/story/2008/01/09/school-fight.html?ref=rssIn March I was excluded from school for fighting. At that time I got into a lot of fights and was constantly falling out with my friends, there were a group of three of us that was going to attack another girl after school which I sincerely regret.I just stopped going around with violent people so much and chose to spend my time with peaceful people. I find this easier because I don t have to be scared to say the wrong thing.The other thing I have done is I have refused to stir up trouble. When someone tells me someone has said something bad aboutme, I just say, Let them get on with it. And I don t pass on rumours or nasty comments that I have heardhttp://www.peacejam.org/archivenov2006.htmThe young girl was Hispanic and the young boy was black.  Soon after the food fight started young people from both racial sides became involved. One group began blaming the other, and a larger fight ensued. Three separate police departments arrived and tried to subdue the fighting masses, but the smell and thrill of violence only flamed the anger of the crowd.http://searcheric.org/edu/school-violence.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64679
mostly because of (and this is mostly girls) gossiping.

QUESTION ID: 10AVUBU4XCLLGU7
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why Are Home School Kids Smarter Than Public School Kids?
QUESTION CONTENT: Nat l Spelling Bee: 3rd year won by homeschooler. Public School kids = drunk, drugs, tatoos, pregnantHome School kids = engineers, mathmeticians, biologists
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10617
Oh gosh, lots of reasons!1. The parent actually CARES for the child and their education, teachers don t.2. Homeschool, you can take your time and make sure the kids learn one concept before moving on to the next.2. Public school, teachers can t do this. THey are mandated by the NCLB laws to teach acertain amount of things in one year.  So, they have to keep going and cant make sure the kids learn before moving on to the next thing.3. Some teachers feel bad about this, but some don t care.4. Homeschool kids are not mandated to follow the NCLB law, thank god!5. THere have been MANY studies that show homeschoolers are much better than public school kids. 6. HOmeschool- there s no peer pressure to do stupid stuff like other kids do.7. Lots of people think homeschool is BAD and no socialization?  let my message speak for itself  :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11030
Homeschooling is more efficient.In school, they have to teach 30-40 (in cities, there can be 40 kids in a class) kids, and they teach to the lowest common denominator. If one kid doesn t get it everyone else is held back.A homeschooler can just read a book and learn from it. A school kid can only read certain chapters, has to answer loads of pointless, meaningless questions about it, and has to read it on a timetable.It s the system, not the kids.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38820
Depends on the kid.  There are many here who are frantic because they goofed off and are now going back to real school.Homeschool is for self-starters and kids with parents who supervise and take an interest.Without those factors homeschooler don t do any better than they do in public school.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43545
HHMM. I HS, and I am all for those who do, but your statement is a bit askew. Generalizations like that are just plain bubkis.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43546
I find homeschool great. I am homeschooled an i should have been in 5th grade last year but i was in 6th. Also I took a CAT and was at 9th level. I Do think some homeschooled kids are smarter and better but not all.They can go at there own pace and have a good time at home that si why!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43547
The items you include in your question aren t mutually exclusive.  I work daily with engineers that are as dumb as a box of hair, and know people with tatoos, kids that have gotten pregnant that are sharp as a tack.  Making the wrong (from a broad societal view) decision doesn t mean you are stupid.  Having a degree does not mean you are smart.  I ve also worked with alcoholic engineers, and mathematicians with tattoos.  If you are pregnant with a tatoo...that doesn t mean you are dumb, and it doesn t mean you are publicly schooled.  I am a homeschool parent, and I just don t think that spelling bees are good measures of intelligence.  They are good measures of memory, mental agility and dealing with pressure.  Being smart, though, might look totally different to some.  For me, extreme focus just on spelling isn t a very smart use of the available time.  For them, it works fine...it s subjective.Some studies have shown that homeschoolers do a little better on standarized tests.  You can get at these studies by going to the website www.hslda.org and going to their research link.  I think for the most part, homeschoolers are just able to stay with a subject until they get it, as opposed to having to leave a subject partially understood because the schedule is calling to the instructor.  If you have the luxury of being able to stay with a concept that is troubling you until you get it, that is a huge advantage.As to other comments about studies that show homeschoolers are socially stunted, I offer this link to an article in the Journal of College Admissions...it was by the National Association for College Admission Counseling.  http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_qa3955/is_200410/ai_n9443747This is a report on a study done that shows homeschoolers in college are comparable to other students, and it goes into socialization specifically.  Interesting reading.  I haven t seen a real study yet that was the other way around, but then I haven t got a clue who would have a vested interest in proving it...we are such a small population, most schools just repeat the socialization issue as their mantra and move on.  No facts are needed when there s no interest in the answer.All that being said, I don t think that they are smarter .  In some cases, they may be better educated, simply be cause of the academic environment they reside in.  But intelligence isn t really measured by spelling bees.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43548
That s an unfair stereotype. Perhaps statistically speaking, homeschoolers do better than public schoolers, but it s unfair to say that all homeschoolers are academically excellent and none are on drugs or anything like that. I actually know some homeschooling parents who are quite into the tatoo/piercing thing and wouldn t have a problem with their kids doing it once old enough. It s also unfair to say that public school kids are all drunk, on drugs or other things like that.If we can step beyond the generalizations and look at the tendencies, the reasons are clear:*Homeschooled students in a good homeschool get one-on-one and have a more tailored education. It takes half the time, if not less, to do the same work that is accomplished in a school setting. Homeschooled kids may have the chance at getting more done. They also have the chance to master concepts before moving on. Sometimes all it takes is good mastery of one thing to enable a student to do well in that subject in the future. If they don t obtain that mastery, they are forever struggling. Not to mention that because they don t need to spend so much time on school work, they ve got a lot more free time to study spelling words. It certainly gives them an edge! (Of course, this will be dependent upon how a parent homeschools, which varies from family to family.)*As for character, who would be most likely to refrain from drugs, teen sex, and alcohol: the child who grows up in an environment where those things aren t a focus or the child who grows up in an environment where those things are a frequent focus? It s almost like asking, Why do kids born in Spain speak Spanish? Because that s what they grew up around.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43549
Even as a veteran Home school parent, I find that a bit out of line.Home schooling a child gives a parent no guarantee that the child will not make bone headed choices.Home schooling gives children many advantages over the conventional school setting, both in academics, and in their social development, however this does not make them smarter , just privileged.I know many great kids in our church that have attended public, and private school.None of them turned out great because they went to great school, far from it; one of the tragic statements they make repeatedly is that they do not get involved with much of anything in the schools, however they had very involved, loving, and attentive parents, and that is where the credit belongs.Do not think that smart equals intelligence, and that intelligence equals wisdom, or common sense.The reason so many win these bee s is they work hard, and have more time to devote to individual subjects when they find them interesting.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54978
It is a good way to learn for some people, but your question is just wrong.The last two you mention don t count--those generalizations aren t true--there are plenty of engineers, mathmeticians and biologists that come out of public school.  As for home school kids not getting drunk, on drugs or pregnant, I guess there is no chance of that if you have no friends or boyfriends and you let your parents run your life.  (That was wrong--but since you were generalizing, it s fair to say to you--to any other homeschoolers, I take it back.)  And for a spelling bee won by a homeschooler--this means someone decided that spelling was worth spending a lot of his school time on.  If a kid worked on spelling all day and has a personal coach (even if that s mom), it is a lot easier to learn all the words that are part of doing that hobby.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54979
A lot of home schooled kids test higher mainly because they are working one on one and at their own pace. Public schooled kids can be very intelligent as well. But than again, a lot of home schooled kids can test very low. It all depends on the type of environment, teachers, resources and how much the teacher wants the child to learn. The child also has to want to learn.So I believe the assumption that home schoolers are smarter can either be true or false. Each individual and their outcome is very different.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68699
If you make a statement like that you need facts to back it up (they teach you that in public school). I go to public school. I have never done drug. I do not drink alcohol. I am not pregnant, nor am I sexually active. As for tattoos (That s tattoo with two t s. What a great speller you are!), I don t have any but I don t see anything wrong with them. I am in all honors/A.P. courses and am planning on being an engineer. Your generalizations do nothing but show your ignorance. As for the winner of the National Spelling Bee being a home schooler, being good at spelling doesn t necessarily mean that you are smart . It just means that you have a lot of time to practice.I don t know if home schoolers have been shown to be smarter because you haven t given anything to back up your claims, but I can t imagine that they have the street smarts that a public school kid has.

QUESTION ID: 10K8ZGE0YJMNFJ0
QUESTION SUBJECT: Saturated fats Mechanism with CVD!!!   How does it increase CVD ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86665
People get cholesterol in two ways ??? the liver produces varying amounts and many foods contain dietary cholesterol.  Typically, the body makes all the cholesterol it needs, so people don???t need to consume it.  Although saturated fats and trans fats are the main ???culprits??? that can raise blood cholesterol, dietary cholesterol also plays a part in many people.  The American Heart Association suggests healthy people consume less than 300 milligrams of dietary cholesterol daily ??? people with heart disease should limit it to less than 200 milligrams daily. When too much LDL (bad) cholesterol circulates in the blood, it can slowly build up in the inner walls of the arteries that feed the heart and brain. Together with other substances, it can form plaque, a thick, hard deposit that can narrow the arteries and make them less flexible.  This condition is known as atherosclerosis. If a clot forms and blocks a narrowed artery, a heart attack or stroke can result.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42823
Saturated fat DOES NOT cause atherosclerosis AT ALL  in ANY  WAY SHAPE OF FORMLDL lipoprotein does NOT cause atherosclerosis AT ALL  Saturated fat is a HEALTHY  AND NATURAL FAT  that the human species  has consumed for 2.6 million years with great benefit   VIA  mammoths, rhinos, etc ALL OF WHICH HAVE BEEN  FOUND IN EVIDENCE  .This  cholesterol MYTH is COMPLETELY  FALSEWHY have scores of studies found a complete lack of correlation between  LDL and total cholesterol levels and extent of atherosclerosis?P.S. Harmony atherosclerosis DEVELOPS BETWEEN  the INNER and OUTER layers of the arterial wall. IT IS VERY HARD and contains  only very little cholesterol Atherosclerosis is NOT the mud indise fo a pipe explanation that clings to the isides of the walls That popular in the MEDIA  and is COMPLETELY FALSEHarmony is INCORRECT  people. She bought into AHA propaganda. BUSTED!

QUESTION ID: 13MZTIU1OQV8QPS
QUESTION SUBJECT: why does pubic hair grow to a certain length and then stop?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73183
There are a lot of kinds of hair . Each species of mammal has at least one kind of hair or fur. Many species have several different specialized types. For example, cat whiskers are very different from regular cat fur in texture and length. One of the main differences in hair is whether it is determinate in length (grows to a certain length and stops) or indeterminate in length (grows for as long as it is alive.) Humans have both kinds in different places on the body. Head hair, scalp and face, is indeterminate. Body hair, arms, underarms, legs, pubic area, fingers and toes is determinate. The only determinate hairs on the head are normal eyebrows, ear hair and nose hairs. I think the reason is obvious. Wild hairs are determinate hairs that have encountered a genetic failure. The length possibilities of each type of hair from sheep s wool to seal fur are genetically determined.  Pubic hair is a secondary sex characteristic that signals availability for mating. It is not designed to cover, conceal, protect, or warm the area that produces it. It may have some scent retaining or focusing function too. This is still debatable. I hope this helps.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21825
because it would be embarassing to get it cut every 3 or 4 weeks....:)

QUESTION ID: 14GKKJX7YWAMP5N
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to clean the penis propley?
QUESTION CONTENT: Hi, I m 18 and this question is kinda embarrassing to ask but it has to be asked.Now I pull the  the head but and I see what are called smegmas (spelling) anyway. how do i get rid of this.What I do is pull the skin back (  i am not circumcised)  and move it about in the water to try and get it clean, i cant touch it because its very sensitive, belive me i have tryed. I have heard to wash it gently with soap, but other souces say you cant.So how do is a easy way of cleaning it without pain? also i dont have to pull the whole skin back do i to the very bottom? just the head right?ThanksWhen i say pull ALL the way back, i mean pull all the skin back to the bottom? i am able to expose the whole head. is it only the head i need to clean?Is it okay to gently remove smegmas with a Q-Tip ( cotton tips) ?I do know have any problems, im not in any pain and i do wash, i just dont know if im doing it right, also its fact that the penis itself is tender area, this is where i need help, whats a easy way to clean it with out it hurting as much, and a easyer way to remove smegma s .well i just pulled the red back, gentle used a q tip and used the mini shower hose, its gone. im feeling happy now.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4480
Yes, you only need to pull it back to see the entire head. You don t have to pull it down to the shaft. Each time you shower, when you re soaping up your body, you should pull your foreskin with one hand and rub the head with the other. Your head is extremely sensitive because the foreskin keeps it that way, and your head is not used to being rubbed by dry objects (like your fingers and clothes). It s only used to being touched by moist surfaces (such as the inside of a foreskin or a mouth, for example). To get it a bit less sensitive (so you can rub it when you wash) start rubbing it gently and just in certain spots. Eventually after a few weeks it ll desensitize little by little. I went through that when I was younger. In the end you should feel a pleasurable feeling, not discomfort, once it s at the right sensitivity point.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4481
If it is that sensitive that you cannot wash it with a cloth, then you need to see a doctor. It could be jock itch, or a bad infection. Don t try to have sex with it like this, it will probably burn. And if it is jock itch, you can give it to your girl (yeast infection)...Get it checked out, and don t be embarrassed...and then your doctor will describe to you how to properly clean it. But yes, you have to pull the foreskin back all the way and clean the whole head, and rinse.If you are unsure of how to clean it, you may not have been doing it properly, resulting in the infection.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18046
Here s an extract from my stretching instructions. They should answer most of your questions. Click on the link below to the full text. You just have to get it over the rim of the glans. The length of the frenulum determines how far it will go down the shaft. WHY BOTHER TO STRETCHAlthough some men manage to have reasonably normal sex lives with phimosis there are some disadvantages to having a non-retractable foreskin. Firstly it is hard to clean and may smell. The body produces a natural, white, cheesy substance called smegma that collects under the foreskin and in the folds of female genitalia. Smegma is a natural lubricant and usually does no harm. But it is susceptible to infections that can cause pain and/or odours. This can be a real turn off for a sexual partner. Infections can also cause pain and eventually scarring of the foreskin.Secondly having sex with the foreskin forward reduces sexual sensations, especially when wearing a condom as well.Thirdly many men with tight foreskins complain that sex without a condom is painful as the foreskin may be forced back during sex causing painful over-stretching of the foreskin opening.BETAMETHASONEYou can ask your doctor to prescribe Betamethasone 0.1% or 0.05% ointment. A tiny amount of this ointment can be applied to the tight part of the foreskin, ie. the opening of the foreskin when it is in the forward position. It will speed up the stretching process but won???t do anything on its own, without the stretching exercises. Stretching will still work without the ointment, just more slowly.STRETCHING TECHNIQUE ONEIf the foreskin is very tight the simplest method is to pull back on the skin (easiest with an erection) so that the opening feels tight and a bit uncomfortable without real pain. Hold that for a few minutes and repeat a few times. Do this a couple of times a day. You will find that soaking in a warm bath will make the skin softer and easier to stretch. The major disadvantage with this method occurs when some stretching has been achieved or if the phimosis was mild to begin with. Once the opening is big enough to just fit over the rim of the glans when erect the foreskin is at risk of getting stuck behind it. If this happens a condition know as paraphimosis may develop.This is why stretching technique two is probably better once the foreskin opening is big enough to make it almost possible to slide the foreskin back over the glans.PROBLEMS?If the opening becomes sore, or develops splits, stop for a few days and let things heal up. Going at it too fast will only slow things down in the end. Sometimes splits and tightness are due to a fungal or yeast (thrush) infection. Treatment with an antifungal / anti-yeast cream designed for women???s genitals will usually fix this problem. I???ve also seen reports of success with a Hydrocortisone / anti-fungicide mix like ???Fungocort???.PARAPHIMOSISParaphimosis occurs when the foreskin gets stuck behind the glans of an erect penis, trapping the blood that causes the erection in the glans and causing swelling of the foreskin itself. If the foreskin becomes stuck squeeze the head of the penis firmly to force the blood out and try and ease the foreskin forward. Perhaps soaking in the bath or using an oil-based lotion will make this easier. If after many tries you still can???t do this see a doctor or go to a hospital emergency room fast. This is not a common problem but you should be warned of the danger.STRETCHING TECHNIQUE TWOThe second stretching technique can be best illustrated by this photograph http://www.foreskin.org/46-33-03.jpg. You can either grab each side of the foreskin opening and gently pull on each side of the opening, as shown in the photograph or, even better, insert the ends of two fingers, even the little fingers and pull them gently apart. Stretch the opening in this way until it feels uncomfortably stretched but not actually painful. Hold and repeat as for method one. Once again this is best done after soaking in a warm bath.SENSITIVITYAs you stretch and are able to expose more of the glans you may find that it is very sensitive or even painful to touch. You will find it less painful the more you expose and use it and gradually the over-sensitivity will lessen, until all you feel is pleasure. A gentle way to start touching the head is by using the shower spray. Also use water-based lubricant when touching the head directly and this should be more comfortable.SMEGMA BUILD UPAs you stretch and are able to expose more of the head you may discover a build up of smegma. This may even contain hard lumps that are hard to remove. Soften them with a light vegetable oil or a non-scented, oily cream such as sorbolene or vitamin E cream. The smegma and softening agent can then be removed with a mild non-scented soap followed by a thorough rinse with plain water. A number of applications over a period of time may be necessary before the build up is cleaned away. Once it is then simple rinsing with plain water every day is enough to keep most penises clean and fresh. Some men can use soap daily but others find it upsets thenatural balance and can actually cause infections or irritation. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62984
you shouldn t be feeling pain afaik. maybe see a doctor?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62985
just mastrubate when takin a shower try it and u will see
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62986
That is something you should have been doing LONG AGO, pulling the foreskin back and cleaning under it. DAMN, best you gently pull it back now as much as you can tolerate, run water over it and you are just going to have to bear it but then actual rub some of that stuff off. They are going to do the same thing in an ER or Doc office as if they was debreading a wound. You might even have to be cut(remove the fore skin) circumcised. PLEASE don t have sex this could easly pass on an infection to her. There very likely is some kind of yeast infection now. You are going to have to wash this guy a couple times a day, every day for the rest of your life or at least when you shower. I would not suggest a bath because you would be just sitting in your own dirt that has been washed off of you, a shower is better this in turn takes the soup and dirt right on down the drain. You also need 2 see a Doc.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62987
If i were you go to the doctor instead in the yahoo! answer because that s the proper place to ask not in the internet.The doctor will give you of advice they study the anatomy and the disease of the people. You said that when you pull the skin back   you can t touh it because it s very sensitive, well go to the doctor   first early in the morning ok. I hope i can help take care yourself .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62989
it might hurt at first but it needs to be clean...seriously =/ but you don t need to pull all the way the first time, no. work your way down.

QUESTION ID: 14PVM7KT403CF7W
QUESTION SUBJECT: How would you evaluate this indefinite integral? ???from 0 to 1 (x*sqrt(1-x^4))?
QUESTION CONTENT: Ahh, I m stuck on it. Help please.Dr D, you are close but can you please explain how you made u = 2x instead of (1-x^4)? or how that works?I understand how you use 2x now, and I know the answer is pie/8, but I still don t understand how to get to the answer from what Dr D saidHaha Dr D sry that was a typo in both of my edits, i know how its supposed to be x^2.Sorry about this, butI m a bit unclear on how1/2 * ???{0,1} (1 - u^2)^(1/2) du= 1/4 * [u*???(1 - u^2) + arcsin(u)].This is our first chapter of evaluating integrals so bear with me. :) thanksGahh I guess we never went over standard integrals in class or went into as deep as substituting with trigonometric functions. Well, its ok, thanks Dr. D for your helpyeah, we started doing integrals about a week ago and we have a test on them tomorrow with evaluating with substitution and using the antiderivative. I was going over past homework and this was the only one in the book in that chapter that I couldn t do, and my parents totally forgot so.. lol. Thanks for the help Dr. DHow do you close the question and give you Best answer. XD
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 71427
Let u = x^2du = 2x dx0<u<1So you end up with1/2 * ???{0,1} (1 - u^2)^(1/2) du = 1/4 * [u*???(1 - u^2) + arcsin(u)]Apply hte limits to get1/4 [0 + ??/2]= ??/8*EDIT*Earlier I made a mistake and put 1 + u^2 instead of 1 - u^2.??? (1 - u^2)^(1/2) du is a standard integral, or if you wish you can make the subu = sin??So 1 - u^2 = 1 - sin^2 ?? = cos^2 ??Square root of that = cos??du = cos?? d??So that gives ??? cos^2 ?? d?? = ??? [1 + cos(2??)]/2 d??using the trig identity = ??/2 + sin(2??) /4 = ??/2 + sin??cos?? /2 = ??/2 + sin??*???(1 - sin^2 ??)/2 = arcsin(u)/2 + u???(1 - u^2) /2*EDIT*This is a tough question for it definitely involves trig substitution. Maybe I should have used x^2 = sin?? from the beginning.*EDIT*You have to wait 4 hours, then it gives you the option to select a best answer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71428
Did you mean ???from 0 to 1 (x^2)(1-x^4) dx, if so then= ???from 0 to 1 (x^2 - x^6) dx              (distribute)=    x^3/3 - x^7/7]from 0 to 1             (intergrate)         =  (1/3 - 1/7)  - 0 =   4/21

QUESTION ID: 18DTDI244C4EW23
QUESTION SUBJECT: Which are the railway headquarters of India??? Currently how many are there in total???
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 27900
please go to Indian railway site or irctc site...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2512
The head quarter of Indian Railway is at Delhi .For administrative purposes, Indian Railways is divided into seventeen zones.No. Name          Abbr.  Headquarters            Date established 1. Northern Railway NR       Delhi                     April 14, 1952 2. North Eastern Railway NER Gorakhpur              1952 3. Northeast Frontier Railway NFR Guwahati         1958 4. Eastern Railway ER              Kolkata                  April, 1952 5. South Eastern Railway SER     Kolkata                      1955, 6. South Central Railway SCR Secunderabad October 2, 1966 7. Southern Railway SR                 Chennai       April 14, 1951 8. Central Railway CR                  Mumbai November 5, 1951 9. Western Railway   WR             Mumbai November 5, 1951 10. South Western Railway SWR         Hubli     April 1, 2003 11. North Western Railway NWR      Jaipur October 1, 2002 12. West Central Railway WCR      Jabalpur      April 1, 2003 13. North Central Railway NCR       Allahabad  April 1, 2003 14. South East CentralRailway SECR Bilaspur, CG April 1, 2003 15. East Coast Railway ECoR      hubaneswar April 1, 2003 16. East Central Railway ECR Hajipur October 1, 2002 17. Konkan Railway??? KR Navi Mumbai January 26, 1998
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27907
I know the headquarters in Maharashtra, there is Pune, Bhusaval, Dhond, A nagar, Manmad.

QUESTION ID: 18OQ02X1SEEPGPH
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does someone die of lung cancer ?
QUESTION CONTENT: I smoke &need to know the details: how do I know if I have it? how do I die from it?(is it slow death ?)what are the symptoms ,etc. of it?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 49256
There is a lot of information on the NCI site http://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/types/lung , www.lungcanceralliance.org and www.womenagainstlungcancer.org  We have also updated our web site www.lungchicago.org click on research tab, then click on research studies on the side menu. FAST FACTS600% Increase of lung cancer diagnosis inwomen since 195550% Higher incidence rate among AfricanAmerican males compared to Whitemales100% Deaths caused by smoking thatcould have been preventedTHE NUMBER OF PEOPLE THAT WILL DIE OFLUNG CANCER THIS YEAR165,100 in the United States6,759 in Illinois2,000 in Suburban Cook County1,500 in ChicagoAbout Lung CancerLung cancer is the number-one cancer killer in the UnitedStates. Yet very few people realize what this means,or that they may be at risk. You might be surprised tofi nd out that nearly half of all new cases of lung cancerin the United States occur in people who don???t currentlysmoke.There is some good news???lung cancer seems to bedeclining among African Americans. But among women,the disease continues to grow. In fact, more women dieof lung cancer than breast, ovarian and cervical cancercombined.New treatment options and tremendous research effortscontinue to give us greater hope than ever before.But the best chances of survival come with early detection.That is why it???s important to know the warning signsand see your doctor whenever you have concerns aboutyour health.Are You at Risk?Some of the key risk factors are:??? Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer, responsiblefor an estimated 87% of all lung cancercases.??? Radon is the second leading cause of lung cancerand is linked to 12% of lung cancer deaths. It ispresent in 1 out of 15 homes in Illinois. Smokingand radon exposure together greatly increases yourrisk.??? Secondhand smoke has been linked to over20,000 cases of lung cancer and 3,000 deaths peryear in the U.S., with 65% of those deaths occurringin women. Non-smoking workers in a smoking facilityhave a 16???19% increased risk of lung cancer.??? Work-related exposure to asbestos, uranium,arsenic and certain petroleum products is anotherleading cause of lung cancer. Smoking and workrelatedexposure together increases your risk.??? Air pollution can cause lung cancer. Risk of dyingfrom lung cancer in the most polluted cities may becomparable to the risk associated with long-termexposure to secondhand smoke.??? Family history of lung cancer increases your risk.People with a family history of early onset lungcancer (before age 50) are 2 times more likely to developlung cancer, with an even higher risk amongsmokers and former smokers.??? Your medical history can increase your risk ofgetting lung cancer. Lung diseases such as tuberculosis,COPD, pulmonary fi brosis and asthma aresometimes associated with higher lung cancer risk.Change For the BetterThe American Lung Association of Metropolitan Chicagois working hard to protect you and your family againstlung cancer. Through our lung cancer initiative, clean airinitiatives, stricter tobacco legislation and personalizedquit-smoking support, we???re here to help.There are steps you and your family cantake to reduceyour risk of lung cancer.1. Stop smoking. Log on to our website or call theIllinois Tobacco Quitline, 1-866-784-8937, for support,guidance and encouragement.2. Avoid secondhand smoke.Encourage co-workers andfamily members to quit. Advocatefor smoke-free environments.3. Check your home for radon.Order an inexpensive test kitthrough ALAMC.4. Eat a colorful, healthy diet.There are many nutrients infruits and vegetables that mayhelp prevent cancer. Visit www.mypyramid.gov or www.5aday.gov.5. Advocate for clean air. Support clean energy includingwind and solar power by supporting clean airpolicies.6. Talk to your doctor. Share your lung cancer riskswith your doctor. Early diagnosis is your best chanceof success.7. Stay informed about lung cancer. Join the LungCancer Initiative of Chicago. Visit www.lungchicago.org.8. Advocate for more lung cancer research funding.Lung cancer receives far less research fundingthan other leading cancers.Lung Cancer.indd
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89007
my step dad has just been diagnosed , he has other conditions blood problems, he has suffered for 2yrs heart ops diabetes, not fit for treatment. british nhs appalling treatment, result my mom now showing signs of illness.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89008
Lung cancer symptoms can be a wide range (and are sometimes asymptomatic early on), but classically people lose weight, feel run down, may get recurrent chest infections, hoarse voice, or may cough up blood (small streaks to large amounts). Other symptoms may arise depending on the location of the cancer (eg apex of the lung causing a weak hand and one-sided eye droop), or whether the cancer is hormonally active (eg high calcium levels).Death comes from massive local complications (bleeding, infections), metastases (cancer seeding around the body eg to the brain or the bones), or cachexia (the wasting away and weakening from the tumour presence itself).Death can be relatively quick (weeks from time of diagnosis) to years, depending on individual factors.Smoking is THE MAJOR risk factor for most types of lung cancer, and quitting has been repeatedly demonstrated to reduce this risk.

QUESTION ID: 1CI2EXFQ388681E
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I cure my cancer with alternative medicine?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27461
Right now I have throat cancer, and here s something that I ve heard about that I m trying. It s called CQ10 or CoQ10 you can get it at GNC and you can check it out on the web, Google like this CoQ10 university study of course, leave off the quotation marks. From what I ve read it seems that a daily dose of 390mg. is the magic number with this stuff I m currently taking 400mg. daily. Also from what I ve read, it doesn t seem to interact with anything else, you can check this for yourself, GNC has a link to an independant website that tells of possible drug and/or supplements interactions with each other. In what I found, CoQ10 has been shown to also improve heart health dramatically, and in women with breast cancer that were taking it they have experienced a reduction in the size of the tumor in their breast or have had it to dissappear completely. I am not a doctor or expert in anyway so you need to research this for yourself and decide for yourself, after all it s YOUR life. I am also undergoing chemo, but I figure that it can t hurt, know what I mean? Keep your head up about this, and by the time you read it, I ll have said a prayer for you. And remember that your attitude is about 90% of the fight so don t ever, ever, ever give up, we need you ok? Take care of yourself.NOTE: To clarify my comments after the post by sanddevil, it seems that it looks like I am saying it can t hurt when it comes to taking chemotherapy, which is untrue. I am saying that it can t hurt to try the supplement in addition to chemo. I agree with sanddevil that chemo or whatever you and your doctor discuss and decide on for treatment should be your first line of attacking cancer and treating it, and I m not suggesting that alternative treatment should take the place of traditional medicine, only that it can t hurt to use it in addition to traditional treatment. Again, do your research and make sure that you are not doing anything that will interfere with your traditional treatment.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46237
The Hoxsey Tonic

QUESTION ID: 1CSBI1QTINCTDOR
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did World War II lead to Cold War?
QUESTION CONTENT: Discuss how World War II led to the Cold War.  Cite two specific factors.  Then, analyze three post-war actions that increased tensions between the superpowers.  Finally, was the Cold War inevitable?  Defend your position with solid rationale.Thanks in advance to anyone to helps me answer this.  I am a junior in high school and missed the first quarter of the year where this information was covered.  Midterms are approaching and I have no time to go back and re-read everything about this.  Could someone please help me answer this question thoroughly.  Thanks again.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2349
First of all, when Communism came to the Soviet Union in 1918, the United States didn t trust the Communist as communism s primary goal was to bring down capitalism through any means possible, including revolution, be it overt or covert.  They made that quite clear.  There was a Red Scare in the U.S. in the late teens and early twenties (1918- 1925). Stalin came into power in 1924, and the mistrust intensified.As Germany built itself up, and started to swallow up Europe, Stalin became concerned about Russia being attacked and the United States watched Hitler take counrty after country.  The U.S. and Russia were briefly allies, only because the both had one thing in common..to stop Hitler.After the war ended, the U.S., Britain, France, and Russia each controlled a portion of Germany.  Soviet Russia did not want to allow their portion to be unified into a post-War Germany for fear that the Germans would again be an aggressive and powerful invader.  They blockaded Berlin which forced the U.S. to circumvent the blockade by flying planes over and dropping food and supplies to the Berliners.Meanwhile, Russia was helping Communists successfully gain control the governments of Hungary, Czechoslovakia, Bulgaria, Poland, and Romania.  Their section of Germany became the Communist held regime of East Germany.Also, in the 1950 s was the Red Scare and McCarthyism, where Sen. McCarthy and his cohorts, started to accuse American citizens of being active Communists.  The Un-American Committee was formed to bring people, in the U.S., to account for their real, or alleged (imagined), communist beliefs.  Fidel Castro taking Cuba, in 1959, ninety miles off of Florida iced the Cold War even more.  The Bay of Pigs, in 1961, didn t help where the U.S. aided some Cuban exiles in trying to take Cuba back from castro.  And, of course, the U.S. and Russia almost exchanged nuclear weapons over the installation of nuclear missles installed in Cuba (known as the Cuban Missile Crisis) in October, 1962.  Eventually, the Russians were forced to remove their missiles in Cuba.From there, both sides built nuclear weapons (though it is alleged that Russia stole the secrets from the U.S.), aimed at one another, were actively spying on one another, and for the next 45 years, they both played global chess in areas such as the Middle East, Korea, Vietnam, Hungary, Czechoslovakia,  Iran, Cuba, Angola, Mozambique, Somalia, Ethiopia, Afghanistan, to name a few places.   Many of the Cold War proponents in the U.S. saw a domino effect meaning that when one nation goes communist, so will its neighbors.  This is not all that wrong of an assumption since communism does openly proclain the need to bring down any, and all, capitalistic governments.  In the seventies, most of the chess game was played in Africa, South and Central American, and of course, the Middle East.  Leonid Breshnev was an able leader of Russia s for twenty years til his death in 1982, able, that is,  when it came to keeping the U.S. on it s toes in its attempt to match Russia s gains in the Third World.When Gorbachev came to power, in the mid 1980 s, much of Russia s Communist apparatus was dismantled, and the Eastern European nations were allowed their freedom. I hope this helped..was a lot of typing and spell check wouldn t work! LOL  This is just a brief summary of a very complicated question.  Okay, not so brief!  In fact, it is, by far, the longest answer I have ever given.  Is it worth 10 points?? lol
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74030
Well, in the Yalta conference that idiot Roosevelt gave Stalin half Europe ( Churchill might have had a part in it as well ) . After the WWII finished, then Stalin showed the teeth and the yanks realized that they had made a mistake, as usual, in foreigner politicsBut too late. Luckily for everybody, Gorbachev pulverized comunism and things went back to normal

QUESTION ID: 1D8HCRPAZMKYGIS
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do cigarette smokers always look for excuses for why they can t quit?
QUESTION CONTENT: nicotine is addictive right? thats the be-all end-all answer right? i disagree. I DONT WANT TO HEAR ABOUT NICOTINE IN THIS POST...ANYTHING can be addictive if you let it. i think quitting smoking is much like people who have depression and other mental illnesses that are nothing more than an excuse from a weak minded person. smoking cigs is for followers, people who need to be cool because they aren t their own person. agree or disagree?ok, so far all have assumed i am a non-smoker. yes and no. i am a non-cigarette smoker. if ur gonna smoke, buy some damn green and get a high from it. i drink heavily, smoke other things, pop pills, etc...i could quit any or all if i chose to, i REFUSE to believe that cigs are so much different from these other chemical substances that people, including myself, use. people just bitch about cigs cause they are legal, and people like to have something to whine about.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30810
I take it you have never smoked. It s intresting when non-smokers make their little comments about smokers. Smoking has nothing to do with mental Illness or depression. And I dont care If you dont want to hear about nicotine addiction, but this is why most people can t QuitDo you have any bad habits you can t break? If so by your Questions that would make you weak minded, depressed, and mentally Ill.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30811
The term health Nazi comes to mind as I read your post. I m actually in the wellness industry and one of our biggest problems in changing people s behavior is people like you...especially if they are in any power position over the smokers. Your total lack of empathy and even elitist view of breaking a bad habit creates huge obstacles to changing the culture. I want to see people quit as much as (I assume) you do, but you have to understand the smoker (or whatever habit you want to discuss) before youcan help them. You apparently have no understanding of the problem, so your opinion is frankly meaningless.Per your later comment: That is the most convoluted justification for abusing drugs and alcohol I ve ever seen...and I ve seen alot. And the statement, I could quit any or all if i chose to... Ask every member of Alcoholics and Narcotics Anonymous how many times they said that to themselves before they finally hit rock bottom and HAD to quit...or die. You need to do a little work on yourself before ranting on this forum.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82886
Because cigarette smokers are not wanting to quit!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82887
The answer to your first question is: To get the smoking nazis off their backs. I strongly disagree with your amateur assessment of addiction as simply being the excuse of a weak-minded person. Your dismissal of mental illness as being in the same category reminds me of Tom Cruise&his outlandish Scientology views.Incidentally, I quit smoking about two months ago, and don t feel the need to go around ramming anti-smoking views down others throats. Smokers already know that what they re doing is bad for them. They ve heard it all before, and really don t need anyone s lectures. They ll quit if&when they are ready, and not when you decide it s time.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82888
Whether or not you disagree regarding nicotine is entirely beside the point.  I worked law enforcement as a psychiatric technician for 31 years.  The theme I heard often from those trying to quit was Getting off heroin was easier than trying to quit cigarettes. One of the reasons is that smoking is not illegal, and is associated with so many things.  You eat, you smoke after.  So it s both physically and psychologically addictive.My own personal battle, I started in grade school when cigarettes were 23 cents a pack out of the machine, and quit when they were 90 cents a pack 20 years ago.  Hardest thing I ever did in my life, I just laid the pack down and postponed the next one.  Seconds turned into minutes, minutes into hours, hours into days...  Today I m still just postponing --but it worked for me.And I disagree with your conclusion about not being their own person and/or needing to be cool.  And let s not even get into your stupidity about depression and mental illness being just an excuse from weak minded persons.  You ve obviously never had to struggle with any mental illness.  Or perhapsyou have, and one of your symptoms is denial?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82889
I am a cancer nurse and have treated patients with cancers directly related to smoking.  Example 35 yr old female with 2 kids under 10.  She died  with lung cancer.  A 50 yr old grandma of 3 who cannot breath without bipap She has smoked for 40 years and is gasping for every breath. Yeah!  They are thinking they are sooo Coool. Your an idiot. I disagree.  You need to get out and see some reality. Apparently you are sheltered.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89522
Dont listen to any of these people. Quitting IS easy.I smoked for several years when i was a bit younger.(im 24). Honestly id doesnt take long to become addictedhowever, people who try and fail over and over againdont really want to. I quit simple as that. I had 2 attemptsThe first time I allowed social pressure to consume me.ALOT of people are social smokers. They continueto smoke because theyre peers/coworkers/friendsall smoke. Sometimes its an image thing. For othersit is just an addiction.All of these are excuses to continue doing it.They really do not want to,and are not makinga valiant effort to stop. The second attemptI did it, because i was determined. I didntlet my friends stop me. ANd i didnt letwithdrawl cause me to cave in. I wasstrong and I wasnt a wuss about it.And do youknow how my Smoker friendsgreeted this? HA! They ridiculed me! Madefun of me! They would buy me my favoritebrand of cigs and light them and try toget me to smoke them. Nice friends huh?It came to the point where i had tocut myself off from them. Quittingwas far more important to me,than they were. They did notrespect me or my  choice,thusthey where not TRUE friends.That is the thing , people choseto smoke it is a choice. The cigaretteisnt holding a friggin gun to your head!It is simply not important enough for people.They will be sorry when they get a heartattack or cancer. But it will be too late for them.Addiction is strong, but i didnt let it overtake me.People let it, because they want to continue init. It is the best excuse! I can t quit I m addicted waaaah!! cry me a river.I am proof , anyone can quit! no matter howlong they have smoked.

QUESTION ID: 1G05GUYUNJMTAYO
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can we prove there is a God?
QUESTION CONTENT: An atheist asks How can we prove there is a God? A muslim answers:We just begin with simple logic. When something is right in front of our eyes it is difficult to deny it, right? Asking rhetorical questions can be very helpful in presenting our case. Begin by asking the question; Can you prove you exist? Yes, of course you can. You merely use your senses to determine what you can see, hear, feel, smell, taste and you have emotions as well. All of this is a part of your existence. But this is not how we perceive God in Islam. We can look to the things He has created and the way He cares for things and sustains us, to know there is no doubt of His existence.One approach is to suggest simple yet convincing experiements anyone could comprehend. Cont. =>For instance, say to someone, Consider this the next time you are looking up at the moon or the stars on a clear night; could you drop a drinking glass on the sidewalk and expect it would hit the ground and on impact it would not shatter, but it would divide up into little small drinking glasses, with iced tea in them? Of course not. Another example is have them consider what might happen if a tornado came through a junkyard and tore through the old cars; would it leave behind a nice new Mercedes with the engine running and no parts left around? Naturally not.Or ask someone to consider what it would be like if someone told us about a fast food restaurant operating itself without any people there? The food just cooks itself, flys from the kitchen to the table and then when we are done, the dishes jump back the kitchen to wash themselves. This is too crazy for anyone to even think about.After reflecting on all of the above, how could we look to the universe above us through a telescope or observe the molecules in a microscope and then think all of this came about as a result of a big bang or some accident? We don t have to see an artist to recognize a painting, correct? And the paintings can be from someone who is anonymous. But we do believe there must be someone who did this painting, it could not have been painted on its own. So, if we see paintings without seeing artists painting them, in the same way, we can believe Allah created everything without having to see Him (or touch, or hear, etc.). Because this universe is nothing but a beautiful yet complicated painting, how could it have been made on its own? There must be a supernatural force behind all this.ok so what do you tell your child when he asks you where did the world and all these things come from?Faith doesn t prove anything.if you have faith in santa claus, do you think it would exist ? you need a proof.. and for muslims, this world is the proof tht there IS someone superior to all humans. And has someone been able to prove that there s no God? and I mean using logic and science and plain common sense. Not those stubborn mindsets who wouldn t believe anything contradicting what they believe is true. has someone been able to tell how this world came into existance? how did that big bang thing occur? there must have been something that caused the big bang, what was it? and people ask who created God, well, I think God wouldn t be a god if someone had created him. No one created him, he s divine and eternal and that is why he is the God.Here s another example - you are in an examination hall.U re given a question paper. You read it thoroughly and think it is really a tough one and you re cursing the person who made this question paper. But you know you still have to do what is asked in that question paper cuz it s an exam and you are going to judged on the basis of how well or how badyou ve done in this exam. you have studied for that exam and you know the matter that you re going to put in. and you know you just have to go through it, there s no other option. Now you get the results, and you find out that you failed. You know you didn t do well in exams, you deserved this. Will you still curse the person who marked your paper ? or will you just except it as a result of what you did. On the other hand, if you did well, you would expect to pass and you most certainly will. you are happy that you were judged fairly well and you deserved it.Well, this is exactly the same case with us and God. the examination hall is this world, the exam being taken is this life that is given to us. We are taught by our parents, teachers, friends, people around us and by experience ,all these rules and stuff that we need to spend our lives in a way to be happy and contented. now we the good ways and the bad ways to achieve that goal and live happily until we die. the question paper has been deliberately made tough by someone to see what we know, what we can do and what we are really capable of doing.In the same way God (Allah) lets a person go through evil, hatred and injustice deliberately to see how he copes with it . If he loses his hope and gets disappointed and grow hatred towards life and humanity, it???s his fault that he is thinking this way. He CAN be optimistic about life and face every injustice and tragedy with his positive views about it, he CAN still be happy. But God has made it easier to do the bad/wrong and a lot more harder to do the good/right. Because He wants to see what way the person goes for, whether he chooses the easy option and does a bad thing which he thinks is right and easier to achive or he goes through troubles and hardships and gets the right thing done which is right in every way. That is why Allah lets all the bad thing happen to his children to help them grow and learn through life, not just have all candies and the good things beside his bed and live lifehappily without making any efforts himself. Can He make a rock so big - nothing can move it? Muslims believe that Allah is capable of doing anything He Wills to do. It should be noted in Islam we understand Allah doesn t posess any of attributes of any of his creation. He never Wills to do anything that would make Him no longer be Allah. That is to say, He would never die as this would mean He is no longer The Eternally Alive (one of His charateristics mentioned in the Holy Quran).Therefore, He CAN make a rock (or anything else for that matter) so large or heavy - nothing in the entire universe can move it. As regards Allah moving it, He is NOT in the universe and He does not resemble His creation. Therefore, Allah is never subject to the Laws of the Creation because He is both the Creator and the Law Giver.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 46940
The existence of life on Mother Earth... the existence of human beings is proof sufficient enough to prove existence of God Almighty! If we understand the crux of cosmic life, How the cosmos is formed ... all becomes clear by itself! The cosmos cannot exist in absence of God Almighty shall be proved now. Rather... we exist because God Almighty is there.When the dissolution of the old cosmos occurs... the entire cosmos reduces to the size of half a thumb. The sacred Bhagavad Gita of Hinduism makes it explicitly clear that devoid of all impurities within... all souls??? atmans in the cosmos occupy the volume of half a thumb. In whatever stage of manifestation one is... all reach the 8.4 millionth manifestation!The dissolution of the Cosmos announces every form of life reaching the end... the 8.4 millionth manifestation... when human beings gain enlightenment (kaivalya jnana) and finally salvation (moksha). Does it mean an animal at the time of dissolution of the Cosmos evolves into the form of a human being and finally gains enlightenment and salvation; yes... the truth is so!And what is this... The size of half a thumb! The cluster of pure celestial energy... the combined mass of all purified souls atmans in the Cosmos at a given point of time is what we know as God Almighty. A grain of sand... an independent soul atman... the whole mound... God Almighty! At the time of dissolution of the Cosmos God Almighty reduces to the size of half a thumb!This cluster of pure cosmic energy... the size of half a thumb... unable to retain itself in its prime pure state for long explodes with a big bang and starts a new cosmos... a new journey of life! Does it mean the new cosmos forms when the big bang occurs... yes, the Mother of all explosions... the big bang creates the new cosmos!Due to the big bang all souls??? atmans which were in their pure state hurtle down the cosmos at unimaginable speeds. As the rolling ball gathers moss... the hurtling souls atmans gather impurities on the way. To eradicate the impurities... the dross within... every soul atman manifests a series of 8.4 million bodies on the whole!Starting life as an amoeba (single cell formation)... the first manifestation by the soul atman in the cosmic life... it further evolves into multi-cell formation, then insect life, plant life, animal life and finally the form of a human being! The human form is reached after crossing through 7.3 million manifestations in the insect, plant and animal form!Only in the human form can the soul atman within regain its lost pure pristine original form when human beings reach the stage of enlightenment and salvation. This analogy... the chronology of events proves beyond doubt that God Almighty is the Creator of the Cosmos. No God... no big bang... no life would exist in the Cosmos!The moment human beings gain enlightenment and salvation... the purified soul atman having regained its original pure pristine form gains entry into the abode of God... the kingdom of God (aka Baikuntha in Hinduism). Entry into the kingdom of God means ceasing of life for ever for that soul atman. The kingdom of God is a point of no return! More on Existence of God - http://www.godrealized.org/existence_of_god.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8645
You are god, really.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46942
In Philosophy, most Philosophers like Kierkegaard and others believed that all humans are born with an innate sense of knowing that God exists. Others believed that we are born with a deep void or sense of loneliness that only God can fill.A famous saying is, Don t ask me if God exists, I KNOW that God exists! 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46943
I would have gladly answered this question in the affirmative up until recently when my faith took a real beating.  In fact, I would say that it lost.  It went up against greed, corruption, lust, money, ignorance etc.  and lost.  I used to believe that there was an omnipotent God with a plan for all of his children, but I cannot believe that an all-knowing and -loving God would have it in his plan for me to be this miserable.  Why would he put me within reach of my dream just to snatch it away at the last minute?  Why would he give me the false hope that I could attain it again after a lot of hard work just to take it away again?  Why would it be sooo hard for it to be included in his plan for me that I have money -- and I don t mean Bill Gates-money.  I just want enough to meet expenses and a littlel eft over for a trip to the beach or a nice shirt.  Why would he give me the intelligence to know what is out there and the ambition to go after it and then withhold it from me?  These are not the actions of a loving God who cares for his children; these are the actions of a vindictive god who enjoys mean, practical joke-playing at his childrens expense.  And since I choose not to believe in a vindictive power governing us, I choose to believe that there is no God at all and that the world is a wonderful, happy, vicious and cruel place that can sometimes lift you up to great heights and then drop you to inescapable lows.And I ll match your rhetorical questions 1 to 1 that prove that there is a God or any other of your tricky little rhetorical arguments or philosophical experiments to prove that there is no God.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46944
This one is so easy a child can do it. Remember now,  we re talking philosophy.First prove there IS NOT A GOD, then reverse everything!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46945
Your examples remind me of the movie ???The Gods Must Be Crazy,??? a native in the Kalahari Desert encounters technology for the first time--in the shape of a Coke bottle. I found this to be very amusing, but I also began to see parallels between his thought process, and that of the modern day Theist. Both are using CAVEMAN LOGIC to explain their world. I fail to see the difference between ???hmm, bottle fall from sky, must be gods??? and ???hmm, trees, butterflies, the Moon, all the complexities of life prove the existence of god.???In both of these cases, someone is simply replacing one unknown for another unknown, but proving nothing! Not only can God not be proven, but I will also go so far as to say that God can be disproved. It is impossible for something to be all knowing and all good. If you are aware that something bad is going to happen, and you allow it to happen anyway, then you cannot be all good. If God created everything, then he also created evil. It is also impossible to be all-powerful; can God create a rock that even he himself cannot move? I would have thought that as man became more knowledgeable and logical that he would have pushed aside his caveman beliefs, but it seems to be just the opposite.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46946
Do Buddhists believe in a creator god? No, we do not. There are several logical reasons for this. The Buddha, like modern scientists, sociologists and psychologists, believed that religious ideas and especially the god idea have their origins in fear. The Buddha says: Gripped by fear men go to sacred mountains, sacred groves, sacred trees and shrines. *Dhammpada 188Primitive man found himself in a dangerous and hostile world, the fear of wild animals, of not being able to find enough food, of injury or disease, and of natural phenomena like thunder, lightning and volcanoes was constantly with him. Finding no security, he created the idea of god in order to give him comfort in good times, courage in times of danger and consolation when things went wrong. To this day, you will notice that people become more religious at times of crises, you will hear them say that the belief in a god gives them the strength they need to deal with life. You will hear them explain that they believe in god because they prayed in time of need and their prayer was answered. All this seems to support the Buddha???s teaching that the god-idea is a response to fear and frustration. The Buddha taught us to try to understand our fears, to lessen our desires and to calmly and courageously accept the things we cannot change. He replaced fear, not with irrational belief but with rational understanding. The second reason the Buddha did not believe in a creator god is because there does not seem to be any evidence to support this idea. There are numerous religions, all claiming that they alone have god???s words preserved in their holy book, that they alone understand god???s nature, that their god exists and that the gods of other religions do not. Some claim that god is masculine, some that sheis feminine and others that it is neuter. They are all satisfied that there is ample evidence to prove the existence of their god but they laugh in disbelief at the evidence other religions use to prove the existence of another god. It is not surprising that with so many different religions spending so many centuries trying to prove the existence of their gods that still no real, concrete, substantial or irrefutable evidence has been found. Buddhists suspend judgement until such evidence is forthcoming. The third reason the Buddha did not believe in a creator god is that the belief is not necessary. Some claim that the belief in a god is necessary in order to explain the origin of the universe. But this is not so. Science has very convincingly explained how the universe came into being without having to introduce the god-idea. Some claim that belief in god is necessary to have a happy, meaningful life. Again we can see that this is not so. There are millions of Atheists, free-thinkers and Buddhists, who live useful, happy and meaningful lives without belief in a creator god. Some claim that belief in god???s power is necessary because humans, being weak, do not have the strength to help themselves. Once again, the evidence indicates the opposite. One often hears of people who have overcome great disabilities and handicaps, enormous odds and difficulties through their own inner resources, through their own efforts and without belief in a god. Some claim that god is necessary in order to give man salvation. But this argument only holds good if you accept the theological concept of salvation and Buddhists do not accept such a concept. Based on his own experience, the Buddha saw that each human being had the capacity to purify the mind, develop infinite love and compassion and perfect understanding. He shifted attention from the heavens to the heart and encouraged us to find solutions to our problems through self-understanding. But if there is no creator god how did the universe get here? All religions have myths and stories which attempt to answer this question. In ancient times, when man simply did not know, such myths were adequate, but in the 20th century, in the age of physics, astronomy and geology, such myths have been superseded by scientific fact! Science has explained the origin of the universe without recourse to the god-idea..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46947
Unto yourself.  And none other.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46948
You cannot!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87793
OK. For the sake of argument, let s say I accept your reasoning, which can be simplified this way: The Universe is extremely complex, and it seems more plausible to ascribe this complexity to an organizing intelligence than to mere randomness.1) This argument only demonstrates the existence of a creating force, not necessarily a moral divinity. A man can also create a watch, etc... That doesn t make him a God.2) Even admitting that the sheer complexity of the Universe would require divine intervention, this argument only goes to furthering the idea of A God, not necessarily the one you want to believe in. It does nothing to further te idea that Mohamed, Jesus, or anybody else, had any kind of special revelation. That still must be accepted on faith. For all we know, this God had no intention of being known to us otherwise than through the material experience of the world we all share.

QUESTION ID: 1G8VPS8U0PNWAKE
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why would someone think that cancer isn t preventable?
QUESTION CONTENT: Scientists estimate that more than 60 percent of cancer deaths in the United States are preventable through lifestyle changes. Although there is no certain way to avoid all cancers, reducing individual risk factors significantly decreases the likelihood of contracting many forms of this devastating disease. Microsoft ?? Encarta ?? 2006. ?? 1993-2005 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38170
because sometimes its not.my mom was a health nut and never smoked and still got it
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38171
Your an idiot if you believe that!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38172
The difficulty with this issue may lie in the distinction between prevention and risk .  Many lifestyle issues clearly affect a person s risk for developing various cancers.  But nothing can absolutely prevent cancer from occurring in some people - no matter what they do.  In fact, the longer you live, the more likely you are todevelop cancer.  Many of the genetic changes that can contribute to carcinogenesis occur as a part normal metabolism.  They are an inherent risk to life.  Simply, there is a baseline, underlying risk of cancer that comes with being alive.  This risk is referred to as stochastic events in the medical research literatureWe all will die.  Most of us (70%) will die of a chronic disease such as cancer, diabetes, and/or heart disease.  We cannot prevent death, but we can delay it and minimize suffering from these chronic diseases by actively pursuing health-promoting lifestyles.Best wishes.  Hope this was helpful to this discussion.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85278
I can only speak of the cancer that I am most familiar with, which is a childhood cancer that predominately strikes young boys. Here is what we know . . or don t know since nothing proven yet.Childhood cancer does not necessarily refer to children who have cancer, it refers to the immature cells of childhood. My 17 year old son developed a rare abdominal sarcoma that is almost always a male oriented disease. It is not genetic . . no one else in the family has the disease . . nor is there any known environmental or carcinogentic or dietary connection. Because of the rarity of the disease we know many of the other patients who have this disease. And, we have compared notes to see if there is any connection, any thing that is similar, but there isn t anything that they all have in common . . except of course they are all predominately young males. The average age of onset of the disease isadolescence. Of course, as with every theory there are many exceptions to this average . . despite the predominince of males, young females can also have this disease but it presents as Uterine cancer. And, despite the fact that the overwhelming majority of patients with the disease are young adults . . there are also cases of people being in their forties or fifties (very rare).So, what do we have here . . is this a cancer that is preventable? Or is this a sarcoma that has affected the immature cells of childhood, due not to an outside element but to an internal hormonal clock? It seems likely that the disease is triggered by the onset of puberty. Yet . . children as young as four or five can also get this disease.Many questions remain unanswered, but more and more it seems that it is the human body making the error in this instance.If you look closely at other types of cancer you might also start to see similar patterns . . osteosarcoma also seems to predominately strike young adolescent males. No one knows why, although again . . the cancers seem to grow at the same time that growth spurts occur.Not only are these childhood cancers unpredictable in who gets them . . they also appear to be unpreventable for now.

QUESTION ID: 1H28QNKNZXAHX2U
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why did Rowling have to make Dumbledore gay?    Please help me in my search to understand why!!!!!!?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 1493
Because it is a novel and novel things happen in a novel.  Novel is a word that means a piece of fiction and something new.Harry Potter became a hit because the series appealed to the children and it had relevance in the real world.  Like it or not there are gay people out there and both you and Harry are going to have to live with them.  Just because they are gay doesn t mean they are cursed, evil, going to hell or all those other things the homo-phobes say.  It does mean that they are unusual and maybe even a bit strange, but then mages have always been an odd bunch.Dumbledore may be gay, but he is also one of Harry s biggest supporters.  I don t know about the last books; I only read the first 3, but in all those books he supported and respected Harry.  He felt he owed him because of his friendship with his parents and he felt that Harry s parents were doing the right thing.  He sees great things for Harry and knows that some day he will become a great wizard.Remember how Cirrus Black seemed to be the cruel deranged maniac, until he turned out to be Harry s uncle and protector.  J. K. Rowling makes her stories interesting becauseshe puts in a twist and breaks new ground.  Dumbeledore may be the first major character in mainstream fiction to be gay and it is about time we recognize that they are real people and a part of this world.I am straight, but once I had a friend who turned out to be gay.  He was strange, but that was part of who he was and it was part of what made him someone I wanted to be with.  Yes, I have to admit I was glad when he told me that I wasn t his type; I couldn t handle a romantic relationship with him.  But, I was still proud to call him my friend.  My only regret is that I had to move and distance broke apart our friendship.  I never liked the idea of him being attracted to men and when he found a lover I couldn t handle seeing them kiss.  But, he was a great guy, a man who helped me a lot and a true friend.  He was unusual, odd and a bit weird, but then so am I in my own ways.  Being gay was part of the package and to accept him I had to accept the entire package.  The same is true with Dumbledore.  Being gay is part of what makes him who he is, you may not be comfortable with his sexual interest, but you have to accept that part of him if you like him.I congratulate J.K. Rowling on creating a unique character and having the sheer audacity (balls) to make him gay.  She finally shows that people come in all shapes, sizes and with different sexual orientations.  Just because he is gay doesn t make him any less a powerful wizard or any less a man.  It means he is a little odder than most, but that is part of what makes him an interesting person.  If everyone was the same as everyone else we would all be bored to death with each other.I grew up in the Deep South in the 1960s when prejudice was in the very air we breathed.  I never liked black people until I actually met one.  Once I ignored the fact that he had a much deeper tan than I did I found out he was a pretty nice guy.  I found that there are just as many good and bad black people as there are white people.  I have to admit that I stillhave some prejudice against blacks; it is something I have to fight each day.  But, at least I am brave enough to admit that I am wrong and work to make myself better.  Why can t you do the same?By making Dumbledore gay Rowling has given you a chance to be more accepting, to put down a prejudice, and to grow.  You can either take it or hate her for doing it.  Either way you have to accept it.  It is part of the series and no matter what you want you can t change that.Why did J. K. Rowling make Dumbledore gay?   To give you the chance to grow, to make the man interesting, and to make a statement that people are different and come in all different ways.  Just because you may not like those differences doesn t mean that they aren t still good people, doing good work and trying to live their lives in the best way they know how.  Dumbledore is a hero of the Harry Potter series and now he is a distinctly original one.  You can t confuse him with Merlin or think he is just a generic character anymore.  Accept that and grow.  Learn that little lesson and learn that if we had less hate and more tolerance in the world then we would all be a whole lot happier.I am glad that Dumbledore is gay, not because I want him to be gay or because I want anyone to be gay; but because it makes him unique, it gives him a deeper personality and it makes him a stronger character.  If you can t accept that then that makes you a narrower person, with a shallower personality and the weakness of pre-judging people because you don t have a mind large enough to handle individuals and need to put everyone into their own slot.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49360
For publicity and more money, or perhaps she wanted to do something crazy like promote tolerance of the homosexual community, God forbid.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49361
because she wanted him to be. it s not like it makes him a bad person. besides, it s not like the world is made up of straight people. variety is the spice of life
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49362
Dear Molly,Take a breath.  Way too many !!!!!!!!!! in your question.  Many people disagree, but I think JK conceptualized Dumbledore as gay from the beginning.  We know from previous interviews with her that she has extensive back stories on most of the minor characters, like Hannah Abbot and Dean Thomas, that she did not put into the story of Harry.Why did she think of him as gay?  That s just her vision of this character.  Hearing that he is gay does not change any of the noble actions or wise teachings we associate with Dumbledore.  It is the same in real life.There are wonderful people, gay and straight, who help us learn.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49363
She didn t have to make him gay, she just did. She invented him, and when she did she knew he was gay.For example, I m a writer myself. In my most recent project, my character has a mohawk. I didn t decide to give him one to rebel against society! When I thought of that character ,I just saw him having a mohawk. honestly, writers just see their characters in their heads and write down what they see.In her mind, she knew Dumbledore was gay. Why did she give him glasses?Because in her mind, he needed them. She knows way more about her characters than we do--we only know the info she chose to put in the books!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49364
It s over and she s just trying to keep it alive...I wonder if Richard Harris would ve taken the role if this was revealed when he was alive...just a bunch of slick politically correct p.r. marketing jive...

QUESTION ID: 1HOOMB4BIDLV7FI
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is total cholesterol meaningful if, at least in part, it is the sum of good HDL and bad LDL?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85536
The most important value is the LDL:HDL ratio. a few exceptions include: a) if you have a good ratio (LDL:HDL<2:1), you still should have HDL above 40 (men) or 50 (women). the same is true about LDL - you should have less than 130 for a healthy, young person, less than 100 if you have risk factors for cardiovascular disease, and less than 70 (usually achieved by taking LDL lowering drugs) if you had a cardiovascular disease. so total cholesterol is meaningful to some extent, but any doctor who only uses this without looking at your lipid profile (LDL, VLDL, HDL, TG) and without assessing your BMI (body mass index), abdominal circumference (an index for abdominal - visceral fat, the bad fat), physical activity and other biochemical info, is just a quack.By the way - TC is not HDL+LDL, since it also includes VLDL, which has little prognostic value (as far as we know).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 19943
MISINFORMED FOOLS.Cholesterol is ONE SUBTANCE, NOT 2 ONE!!!CHOLESTEROL IS CHOLESTEROLTHERE IS NO SUCH THING AS GODD OR BAD CHOLESTEROL ONE SUBTANCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOW, AS FAR AS HDL AND LDL LIPOPROTEINS GOHDL AND LDL ARE CHOLESTEROL S CARS *HDL AND LDL ARE NOT CHOLESTEROL AT ALL.!!! THEY ARE LIPOPROTEINS AND THE DISTICTION BETWEEN THESE 2 LIPOPROTEINS AS EITHER BEING GOOD POR BAD IS A COMPLETE HOX. A PATHETIC MISNOMER.BOTH  ARE VERY VERY  IMPORTANT. - LDL HAS MANY MANY IMPORTANT ROLES IN  HORMONE PRODUCTION NOT EVEN ONE TIGHTLY CONTROLLED CLINCIAL TRIAL HAS EVER SHOWN ANY CARDIOVASCULAR MORTALITY BENEFIT OR OVERALL MORTALITY BENEFIT TO SATURATED FAT RESTRICTION OR DIETARY CHOLESTEROL LOWERING.THE CHOLESTEROL THEORY IS A COMPLETELY FALSE PARADIGMREAD AND LEARN FROM ANTHONY COLPOhttp://www.lowcarbmuscle.com/forums/showthread.php?t=162Fish oil has been shown to lower cardiovascular mortality while SIMULTANEOUSLY  *R A I S I N G*     LDL LipoproteinANTHONY COLPO HAS SAID THIS MANY TIMES.

QUESTION ID: 1JK2OFSYQOC6H24
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to control anger?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69078
My opinion, not a solid answer. Also, hard to write because my mind is such a mish-mash of different ideas. I ll establish some discussion, then give my answer. Skip down to the bottom if you want to go directly to my answer.I ve heard many times that anger is not a primary emotion; that anger is a sign of another more basic feeling, most often fear. This can be fear of potential injury, fear of powerlessness, fear of not getting something we want or of losing something we have. Anger can come from grief or greed or hurt feelings, all of which have fear in their roots.John Bradshaw uses the imagery that these emotions can be like having starving dogs and that instead of feeding them we lock them into the basement hoping that they will go away or die. They never do; they just become hungrier and hungrier and we have to keep reinforcing the door that they are trying to go through because they keep clawing and tearing away at it. Like those starving dogs, fear and anger will  never go away by being walled off. It is only when we accept them and give them appropriate food that they become friendly and helpful parts of the family. Also, like those dogs in the image, they cannot run the family but must fit in to do their part for the benefit of the whole family,not just themselves.Our bodies, minds and emotional lives are the family, if you like Bradshaw s image. We can think of ourselves as a crowd inside our own head.Controlling anger, as many people say it, often means ignoring or justifying it. Of course my dogs are hungry. I ve got them locked in the basement. It explains it, but doesn t do much to help.The main problem with anger other than it just doesn t feel good, is that it seldom gets us what we want. I start with the premise that most of us want to feel good. We want a state of well-being, if not happiness. To over-simplify, feeling good feels better than feeling bad.Anger also gives energy and this is a potentially positive side of anger if we use it rightly. Anger alone will direct us to words or deeds that destroy. Anger with acceptance and thought can give us the energy to look for the best thing to think, say, or do for what we really want -- inner comfort, the sense of well-being.Neither anger nor the feelings they represent come from the outside. They are inner reactions to exterior conditions which are often random and haphazard and impersonal but which we are taking personally. We re complete beings, not just parts, and we cannot be whole by trying to deny or control parts of ourselves.In short, I would say accept the anger. Channel (not control ) it toward some beneficial action EVEN IF IT IS UNRELATED to what seems to be the cause. Look for the underlying feeling that is generating the discomfort. When ready, deal with the underlying feeling the best we can whether internally or externally, but keep looking for better ways at the same time.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23159
therapy...a must...pills...maybe along with therapy...self control...with the help of the other two...surroundings?  lifestyle?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30300
pills?? or maybe just self control.

QUESTION ID: 1KELT0TWE64G8XC
QUESTION SUBJECT: why after so much of degrees and qaulifications many people end up broke?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 19991
Some people are book smart in certain academic disciplines, but unfortunately not in handling their own money. They cannot think past today.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17242
Book smarts vs street smarts.What you know vs who you know...It was a running joke when I graduated university that we would all end up working at McDonalds...The sad reality is that intelligence&a good education don t guarantee you a job. Often it s other things (how sociable you are, how wide your network of friends is, how resourceful, resilient&persistent you are) that help you to land a good job. You ve got to be tough, ambitious and persistent (three things that I sure wasn t) when you pound the pavement. Or it helps to have friends in high places (I didn t have those either!)When I graduated university I had accumulated several awards&medals (I could wallpaper a small room with all my awards) yet I had a hard time finding a job&was unemployed for a year. I tend to be insecure, introverted, not a go-getter, easily discouraged. I didn t know people in high places that could pull strings for me (how my brothers usually got jobs). I would send out resumes&cover letters, go on interviews&get so discouraged at the rejection...Someone actually told me that I shouldn t list my education&awards on my resume. That it was a turn-off to employers. My education was being held against me. A lot of managers didn t want some brainiac working for them. I was told that I was overqualified & wouldn t be challenged when I had one job interview. I was applying for office work mostly (Admin Assistant, receptionist etc) just to have something to do to earn a living while pursuing my dreams. They knew that it would be just a job to me, not a career&didn t want to hire someone that wouldn t stick around. I guess that s understandable. I finally took a job at a book store. I love books but I didn t make much money&I spent half my paycheck on books (30% discount for employees made it that much more tempting!)Given what I had specialized in (English, Drama&Art History) there weren t a lot of jobs available. I d hoped to get something in publishing. I finally did get a job as a marketing coordinator at a publishing company but gave it up for a much higher paying (almost double) job in an entirely different field. I learned I wasn t a 9 to 5er either, no matter what the job was. I had a job as a copy writer for a while, working from home. That was awesome. But I was laid off (with another 74 of us right before Christmas. Gee that was a fun year...) I wanted to be a writer. I had a few poems published but poets don t make money! I was an actress for a year&got a tv commercial&some modelling work but nothing I could live on. University in general tends to be more theory-oriented whereas college is more practical&job-related. I always got straight A s in school&it was just assumed that I would go to university. I got scholarships all through as well so I went there almost for free. I love my education&it s valuable to me even if others don t appreciate it. I am in a job now that to some extent draws on my communications degree but it is the opposite of anything I would have chosen or that I want to do with my life. Quite simply, I hate my job! But it pays well&has allowed me to buy a beautiful house. The things that I love&want to do (painting, singing/writing songs etc) I still do in my spare time&hope that one day I could make a lucrative career with them. I ve sold a couple of paintings. I m in the process of recording a CD&hope one day to make a living as a songwriter. I m too practical to quit my regular job&pursue my dreams full-time. I have a mortgage to pay.The bottom line is that degrees, awards, talent and intelligence will not guarantee you a job or financial success. Some of the most brilliant people I ve met (like a philosopher/janitor and countless aspiring artists, musicians, actors waiting tables or working other little jobs to earn enough money to eat while they pursue their dreams) didn t have financial success. Money isn t everything. Maybe success is just finding a way to do what you love&enjoying your life. A lot of the most brilliant artists in history died penniless&only achieved fame posthumously. You could be in a lucrative career earning a big fat paycheck&still be miserable (as many are). Don t go into something just because the money is good if it s something you hate (ok I m totally being a hypocrite because that s exactly what I m doing in my job! But it s just my living, not my life!)Just don t get discouraged. Whatever it is that makes your heart sing, go for it. Just don t give up&don t settle. Confidence helps. You have to be self-confident to achieve your goals. Believe in yourself&in what you can do&then others will believe in you. Persistence is the most valuable qualification no matter what you are going into. Never ever give up. I gave up too soon on a lot of things. I give things a half-a$$ed effort&then give up when it s too tough. I call it being practical but I m really a chicken-sh%$...if I went after my dreams full-throttle then I might have reached them...Self-confidence has always been a problem for me. I always hated job interviews. I hated when they d ask Why should we hire you? Tell us your strengths &it was hard giving them an answer! I m getting a little better. Learning to be positive these days...It s an uphill battle...One day I will be a famous artist and/or singer/songwriter&I ll be able to look back at this&laugh...I hope...:)Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40057
Because they have gone out of earning mode.They are still in the study mode.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40058
Why do so many people measure wealth purely in dollars?

QUESTION ID: 1KNQKE3OYH265IN
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you construct the squareroot of 7.5 with a straight edge and compass?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 66968
Another way:  Construct a line of length 8.5, and divide it at length 1 (so you have it divided into two segments of lengths 1 and 7.5).  Make this the diameter of a circle, and draw a perpendicular from your mark at 1 up to the circle.  The length of this segment will be sqrt 7.5.  For, if lines be drawn from this intersection to each of the ends of the segment, there will be inscribed a right triangle in the semicircle, and the two other triangles will also be right triangles, similar to the first.Denoting the perpendicular segment by x, then, we have the ratio 1:x equalling the ratio x:7.5, by similarity.  In other words,     1/x = x/7.5,or, x^2 = 7.5, or x = sqrt 7.5.This method was given by old Euclid himself, over 2300 years ago.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6652
The length of the altitude to the hypotenuse of a right triangle is the geometric mean of the lengths of the two segments of the hypotenuse.So to construct the square root of 7.5 using this fact, we can do the following:1) draw segment AC, with B on AC, so that AB = 1 and BC = 7.52) construct a perpendicular to AC at B3) find the point D on this perpendicular so that ADC is a right triangle with hypotenuse AC; i.e., with right angle at DThen BD is the altitude to hypotenuse AC of triangle ADC; its length  is the geometric mean of the lengths of AB and BC, which is sqrt(1 x 7.5) = sqrt(7.5)

QUESTION ID: 1MBUW7NXIWFVYCZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long does chemo brain last after the end of chemo treatments?  Its been 5 months for me and its still here
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 52844
I would say that it very much depends on the person. Personally I finished my last lot of chemo in Jan. 2007 and I find that I am as vague as ever! I m just starting to go back and do a few ours a week of work again, but don t feel that I have the same sharpness and ability to remember as I once did so as to go back and manage the implementation of large telecommunication projects like I used to. Friends that have received different chemo drugs to myself find that they are still rather forgetful even some 3-4 years following treatment.The thing is that chemo is an extremely harsh treatment that basically attacks destroys and/or effects every single cell in the body, so it will take time. The thing is not to get too frustrated and adapt to the situation as best you can. In particular this may entail making notes and recording all events in an electronic diary.Given that I m a male, my attention span was pretty limited in the first place so it is hard to say if the effects I m experiencing are chemo related or just general disinterest in some things that go on around me and therefore I do not take it all in!!Further more, it is vitally important that ..??.......>??...............Ohhhh! I forgot what I was going to say!!!!!!!!?????????Anyway, all the best and don t fret, just adapt as things will probably never be normal again.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 576
I have the same issues.  I was told it could last for 1-2 years.  I try to always write everything down, I have post it notes everywhere.  I leave myself voice mails.  Send myself emails.  I am also a bit on the clumsy side.  I have no idea how to combat that other than move slowly and concentrate on my movements.

QUESTION ID: 1MUWRGBIBKJCHST
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to fix an aneurism in the aorta?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 42663
Very much depends on size and size of Aneurysm, this topic will help you:TREATMENT:Illustration of abdominal aortic aneurysm Abdominal aortic aneurysmThe goal of treatment is to prevent rupture of the aneurysm. Generally, your treatment options are to watch and wait or to have surgery. Your decision depends on the size of the aortic aneurysm and how fast it s growing. Here are the general guidelines for abdominal aortic aneurysms:    * Small aneurysm (4 cm or smaller). If you have a small aortic abdominal aneurysm ??? less than 2 inches, or about 4 centimeters (cm), in diameter ??? and you have no symptoms, your doctor may suggest a watch-and-wait (observation) approach, rather than surgery. If you choose this approach, your doctor will monitor your aneurysm with periodic ultrasounds, usually every six to 12 months and encourage you to report immediately if you start having abdominal tenderness or back pain ??? potential signs of a dissection or rupture. Your doctor may also recommend a high blood pressure medication called a beta blocker. Beta blockers decrease the force of blood ejection from the heart to minimize the expansion of the aneurysm. If you are a smoker, you should stop. Your doctor may recommend medications to lower cholesterol. Ifyou have Marfan syndrome, your doctor may recommend an angiotensin receptor blocker, such as losartan, both to lower blood pressure and to try to stabilize the aorta. In general, surgery isn t needed for small aneurysms because the risk of surgery outweighs the risk of rupture.    * Medium aneurysm (between 4 cm and 5.5 cm). It s less clear how the risks of surgery versus waiting stack up in the case of a medium-size aortic abdominal aneurysm. If your aortic aneurysm is between 4 cm and 5.5 cm, you ll need to discuss the benefits and risks of waiting versus surgery and make a decision with your doctor.    * Large (5.5 cm or larger) or fast-growing aneurysm. If you have an aneurysm that is large or growing rapidly (more than 0.5 cm over six months), leaking, tender or painful, you ll probably need surgery. Surgery to repair an aortic aneurysm involves removing the damaged section of the aorta and replacing it with a synthetic tube (graft), which is sewn into place. This procedure requires open-abdominal or open-chest surgery involving a large incision in your chest and lengthy recover time.A newer treatment for aortic aneurysm involves using a less invasive approach. Doctors attach a synthetic graft to the end of a thin tube (catheter) that s inserted through an artery in your leg and threaded up into your aorta. The graft ??? a woven tube covered by a metal mesh support ??? is deployed at the site of the aneurysm and fastened in place with small hooks or pins. The graft reinforces the weakened section of the aorta to prevent rupture of the aneurysm. This type of procedure is called endovascular surgery. Recover time is less than required for open-chest or abdominal surgery. Long-term results and benefits of endovascular surgery versus those of traditional surgery are unknown.Although it s possible to repair a ruptured aortic aneurysm with emergency surgery, the risk is much higher and there is less chance of survival. Many people who experience a ruptured aortic aneurysm die before they reach the hospital.Recommendations for surgical treatment of thoracic aortic aneurysms depend on the underlying condition, especially for people with Marfan syndrome, and location of the aneurysm.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42662
open heart surgery

QUESTION ID: 1N5X0VMGCILP0VJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you teach a 2nd grader how to read?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2475
Reading is basically understanding letter-sound relationships. If the student already recognizes the letters of the alphabet, you can start by teaching specific sounds of the consonants and vowels. Remember to distinguish between short and long vowel sounds. After the student improves phonemic awareness (or has an understanding of the letters that go with each sound, teach how to read CVC words (consonant -vowel- consonant). These words have a short vowel sound in the middle. Examples are words like cat, leg, pit, box, rub, etc. Next, teach digraphs (two letters that come together to make a sound- ch, sh, th, wh, ck) and two letter and three letter blends (bl, cl, br, dr, st, pl are examples of two letter blends and str, spr, scr are examples of three letter blends). Then teach specific rules like r controlled vowels, silent e syllable double vowels, diphthongs, soft and hard c/g sounds, etc. Remember to also teach sight words (those words that don t follow traditional phonics patterns but are found everywhere like the, was, though, where, etc.Finally if the student is going to read words bigger words, teach syllabication. Breaking words into syllables by clapping (like re port is report). Teach word parts (roots, prefixes, and suffixes)Good Luck!Go to scholastic.com and pick up phonics books to help.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10869
sound out words with them...syllablles

QUESTION ID: 1NDEHWUH6SA7I3L
QUESTION SUBJECT: why when you multiply two negatives it equals a positve?
QUESTION CONTENT: It makes no sense because if i add it over and over it still comes out a negative..is there a realistic answer to this or is it a mathmatical mystery?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2486
The reason why a negative times a negative is a positive is so out arthimetic/algebraic system works the way we want it to. If we want our arithmetic to follow certain properties, called a ring, a negative times a negative must be a positive. In a ring, multiplication distributes over addition, soa * ( b + c ) = a * b + a * cNow, suppose a = -1, b = 1, c = -1. . Clearly then-1 ( 1 + (-1) ) = -1 ( 0 )We want this value to be 0. So,- 1 ( 1 + (-1) ) = -1(1) + (-1)(-1)=0The quantity -1(1) is much easier to understand, because 1 is the identity element of multiplication, and anything multiplied by 1 is that numbre. So-1 + (-1)(-1) = 0Add 1 to both sides(-1)(-1)=1Once you have this quantity, all negative times negative multiplication is done, because we like to have a special type a ring with other properties, called a communitive ring, where (ab)c = a(bc); meaning we want to be able to multiply things in any order, just like we add thing in any order. So(-2)(-4)=(-1*2)(-1*4)=(-1*-1)(2*4)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2487
Look at these patterns:-3(3)=-9-3(2)=-6-3(1)=-3-3(0)=0-3(-1)= 3  Notice that the answers keep increasing by 3-3(-2)= 6-3(-3)=9

QUESTION ID: 1PKEXHVCGC8WBTF
QUESTION SUBJECT: why love gives us pain sometimes?
QUESTION CONTENT: we feel happy while we r in love but sometimes love makes us weep. aisa kyo ?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85872
Because there is many forms of love.Love can be very vunerable at timesLove can be strongLove can hurtLove can be unconditionalLove can only be for one moment and then it s goneLove could blind youLove can make you seeLove can make you lonelyLove can make you smootheredLove can be hardLove can be gentleLove can make you hateLove can make you driftLove can make you say your sorryLove can make you forgiveLove can come from a dogLove can come from a catLove can  make you fatand can do much more then thatLove is the most powerful thing in the worldAnd there s nothing we can do about it.But learn to live with it.Love will make you growLove oneself before you love others.How can one love someone right if they don t know how to love oneself?Only you know the answer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85873
I m reading Alain de Botton s Essays In Love , it is categorized a novel written in topics with numbers for each. Surprisingly, your query rings true regarding love since we can understand how we sometime are happy with rosy environment but, indeed, we also are bitter with a dim world around us due to love. I think, one of the reasons is concerned with how we expect from such love, in other words, if we treat love as something more reasonable than romantic, we would feel happy with it. In contrast, if we treat love as something more romantic than reasonable, we would be in a trap of unhappiness since we tend to apply emotion instead of reason and conflicts between those two in love are soon looming and quarrels start. That s the beginning of weeping with sorrow, with disappointment from that too ideal love .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85874
Love with attachment gives pain as well as pleasure. Develop a detached love which means love for whole humanity, with no expectation from them alone will not give any pain. You need to develop that detachment with a lot of practise.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85875
Sona,  if you are a computer savvy person it is easy to understand in that language. When there is  Fear there is an instant memory Recall of pain . Some times back , something had pained you so much on some issue and you were not able to bear it.In the present instance of Love, you may be loving this experience so much that you would like this to continue for ever. But, at the same time, you think What if this Love suddenly fails? This fear of losing Love instantly creates the  memory recall of pain within you.So, actually, it is only the fear.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85876
Love considered as the sex act and feelings surrounding that is why it can give pain. Love is much more than a feeling it is an act of good will toward someone or something. In this sense you can love your enemies even though you emotionally hate them by acting toward them kindly. Love is not even categorized as a primary emotion in those psychology texts I have read; instead depression, fear, anger, surprise, disgust and joy are the six emotions we are said to be born with. All other emotions are learned. One should not let ones emotions control him or her but use your rational will to act. When we rely on an emotion to guide us we open ourselves to pain.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85877
Because we misunderstand what love is.A long time ago I thought that love was something that you reserved for some special set of people that you had judged worthy of it. After a while I got to thinking about what Jesus had said about turning the other cheek and loving our neighbor I put the two together and realized that he had made no exceptions in these statements. It became obvious to me that he intended that we exclude no one from the love that we are supposed to be giving. I started thinking about my idea of love and suddenly realized that I had not been loving anyone at all. I had simply been judging everyone and every thing.Judging someone worthy of love is not love, it is only judgment. I actually started to cry when I realized this. I saw just how much of my life I had wasted being judgmental, thinking of myself as a Christian, when I was actually doing just the opposite of what Jesus had asked us to do.I thought about the verse judge not lest ye be judged, and I understood it for the first time.I realized that I have a lot of catching up to do. So many opportunities were wasted. I now try to apply the love that I have for the world in a universal way like Jesus asks us to do. If I start to feel afraid and think that I see someone that I should not love because of something I have thought or heard I try to catch my mistake as soon as possible. I tell myself that I have forgot the truth and have fallen for the same old trick that had cost me so many opportunities to be loving in the past. The horror of this realization is often all that is necessary to bring me back to my senses and make me drop the judgmental nonsense I was thinking.I still have a lot to learn about love, but at least I???m making progress.Love and blessings Your brother don

QUESTION ID: 1PQ7ZQST8DJBW3J
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is division by zero not possable?
QUESTION CONTENT: we can multiply by zero so it only makes sence that we can divide.....it should be coined not defined instead of not possable, just beacause no one has proved is yet don t not mean it s not possable
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70888
Anything divided by 0 is actually undefined, not infinity or 0. When you think about how that works, it makes sense:Dividing a numerator by smaller numbers makes your number larger. Divide 4 by 2, you get 2. Divide 4 by 1, you get 4. Divide 4 by 0.5, you get 8. And so on until you are dividing by a number so small it s pretty close to 0. The overall number gets larger and goes off into infinity.But, if you divide a negative number in the same manner, your number gets smaller. -4 by 2 is -2, -4 by 1 is -4, -4 by 0.5 is -8, etc. As you approach 0, your numbers go off into negative infinity.You ll have the same weird effect if you divide by negative numbers - a positive divided by an increasingly smaller negative will yield negative infinity, and a negative divided by an increasingly smaller negative will yield positive infinity.You can t have it both ways - dividing by zero yields both a positive and negative infinity! So someone a long time ago decided that since a number can t really have two values, it will be undefined.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40300
well because you cant divide something into zero parts, because then you would be left with nothing....or if u  want to be more technical you would actually be left would an infinite number of parts, because u havent divided at all....

QUESTION ID: 1PR5YJL0FYR83FM
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you know if you have breast cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m donig a project in science class on dieases an i chose to do it on breast cancer an i want to know how do you know if you have it, like what are the syptoms?And if theres anything else that i probably cant find on the net or books plaaese tell me.I just want to say i really respect the surviors f breast cancer and those who didn t make it because they are in pain alot. Thanks for your help.i just wanna say im in 7th grade and theres pervs in my class sssssooooo if u sorta get waht i mean who can i say this stuff without getting the pervs all happy so people don t get confused it don t think i have breast cancer................
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88727
Breast Cancer symptoms vary widely ??? from Lumps to Swelling to skin changes ??? and many breast cancers have not obvious symptoms at all. Symptoms that are similar to those of Breast Cancer may be the result of non-cancerous conditions like infection or a cyst also.Many of the breast cancers are diagnosed much earlier than they can produce any symptoms. Routine use of mammogram helps women to identify the breast cancer long before it can cause any symptoms. In the early stages breast cancer may be asymptomatic and women may notice only a breast lump. As the breast cancer progresses the cancer cells can invade in to the surrounding normal structures and other distant organs and this may lead to development of symptoms. Any one or more of the following may occur during various stages of progression of breast cancer.    * A lump (mass) in the breast, these lumps are most commonly painless (or as a matter of fact any other part of the body)    * Swelling or thickness of the breast    * Redness, swelling and or pain in the breast    * Lump in the arm pit area due to the spread of breast cancer to the lymph nodes in that area    * New mole or an obvious change in the appearance of an existing wart or mole    * Areas of warmth or redness in the breast    * Development of asymmetry of the breast    * Inversion or changes in the appearance of the nipple    * Flattening or indentation on the skin of the breast. This may indicate a change in the underlying structures.    * Scaling or redness or a change of color or texture of the skin of the breast or Areola (such as dimpling, puckering, or scaliness)    * Unusual dimpling in the breast which may indicate adhesion to underlying structures    * Discharge from the breast or nipple. This can be clear, dark or bloody in nature.    * Burning, itching or scaling of nipples.    * Pain or tenderness in the breast or underarm area. If this does not relive over time possibility of breast cancer should be considered    * Infection or inflammation of breast    * Development of breast abscess    * Bone pain may occur during the late stages of breast cancer due to involvement of bone    * Change in the mental status, seizure, and neurological events can occur in the late stage of the disease due to involvement of brain or spinal cord    * Jaundice may occur in the later stages of breast cancer due to the involvement of liver or surrounding structures.    * Chest pain and difficulty in breathing may occur in the late stages of the disease due to involvement of lung and surrounding structures. Any changes in the breast should be reported to a doctor withoutdelay. Symptoms can be caused by cancer or by a number of less serious conditions. Early diagnosis is especially important for breast cancer because the disease responds best to treatment before it has spread. The earlier breast cancer is found and treated, the better a woman s chance for complete recovery !You can see my blogs on Breast Cancer awareness on Yahoo 360 - http://360.yahoo.com/jayaramanms... , where in I have written elaborately and you can take the points for your project-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88728
Only a Doctor can diagnose cancer. But here is some help:Early breast cancer usually does not cause pain. In fact, when breast cancer first develops, there may be no symptoms at all. But as the cancer grows, it can cause changes that women should watch for: A lump or thickening in or near the breast or in the underarm area. A change in the size or shape of the breast. A discharge from the nipple. A change in the color or feel of the skin of the breast, areola, or nipple (dimpled, puckered, or scaly). A woman should see her doctor if she notices any of these changes. Most often, they are not cancer, but only a doctor can tell for sure.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88729
OK, first of all, if you re in seventh grade, then it s really, really unlikely for you to get breast cancer.  Risk increases as you get older. Secondly, breast cancer usually shows itself in really hard lumps in the breast.  They don t usually hurt.  They feel like hard, frozen peas, apparently.  But don t worry.  Hardly any seventh graders get breast cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88730
WELL I FOUNS A SMALL LUMP IN MY LEFT BREAST IT GREW TO THE SIZE OF A GOLF BALL AND HURT VERY BAD ON MY LEFT BREASTAND IT MOVED I WAS TOLD IF IT MOVED AND HURT IT WASNT CANCER BUT GUESS WHAT IT WAS IT MOVED AND IT HURT ALL THE TIMESPECAILLY WHEN I TOUCHED IT  MY FRIENDS DOG KEPT SMELL MY LEFT BREAST THIS MADE ME GO SEE A DOCTOR THE DOG NEW IT WAS CANCER  AND IT WAS I WAS A STAGE 3 WHEN I FINAILLY WENT TO SEE A DOCTOR THE GOOD THING IS IT DIDNT GET TO MY LUMPNOIDS SO THAT WAS GREAT I HAVE 1 LEST BREAST BUT HEY IM ALIVE AND STILL KICKING  NEVER LET ANY ONE TELL U IT DONT MOVE AND THAT IT DONT HURT CAUSE IT DOES   IAM A 1 YEAR CANCER FREE LADY NOW

QUESTION ID: 1Q83XW6JWBAQ766
QUESTION SUBJECT: why did USC lose lose to Texas?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8100
No answer is acceptable here in explination form. It truly does defy all reason...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24609
Two Words: Vince Young.  USC did not have an answer to stop Vince Young, and that is why they lost.  Of course, Young didn t do it all by himself. His offensive line, which did a great job protecting him and creating running lanes, was dominant the entire night.All-America left tackle Jonathan Scott never made a block as critical as the one that steered the Trojans Lawrence Jackson away just as he was bearing down on Young s backside, enabling Young,with his receivers blanketed, to sprint to his right and into the end zone for the go-ahead score.Before that final drive ??? and more on its genesis in a bit ??? it appeared as if the collective offensive heroics of Bush (who was held to 82 yards rushing, including a 26-yard scoring burst in the fourth quarter that was the only time the Longhorns defense let him turn the corner on it), Matt Leinart (365 yards passing), LenDale White (124 yards and three touchdowns in what was, like fellow junior Bush, no doubt his final college game) and Dwayne Jarrett (10 catches for 121 yards and his team s final touchdown) was going to push the Trojans to their 35th victory in a row.In fact, after Leinart and Jarrett hooked up for a 24-yard touchdown pass with 6:42 to go, USC held a 38-26 advantage.In reality, the Longhorns had the game right where it wanted it ??? with the ball in Young s hands. It s really surreal, sitting there in the fourth quarter down (12 points), playing a team that had won 34 in a row, and still thinking we re going to win the game,  said Texas coach Mack Brown. But we never thought we d lose this game. Having the guy wearing the No. 10 jersey, the same guy who put on nearly an identical type of performance (372 yards, running and throwing) in this building in last year s Rose Bowl win over Michigan, will give a coach a great deal of confidence. I think he is one of the great players to ever play college football,  Brown said of Young. And, if he comes back next year, which I think he will, he added, perhaps a bit optimistically, he has a great chance to win the Heisman Trophy. You think?OK, back to that decisive scoring drive by the Longhorns.Get ready for the rationale on Carroll s part that many, no doubt, had ??? and will continue to have ??? a tough time grasping.The Trojans had crunched the Texas defense for scoring drives of 62, 74, 80 and 80 yards in the second half.That s why, even as Young scored on a 17-yard scramble to the right and David Pino booted the conversion that cut USC s advantage to 38-33 with 4:03 to go, the Trojans still seemed well in control of the ultimate outcome.But after Jarrett snagged a pass from Leinart for a first down, White was held to a 3-yard gain, fullback Brandon Hancock couldn t handle a short pass from Leinart and White went over the right side of his line for five yards.So, with fourth-and-two on the Texas 45, with 2:13 remaining after a Longhorns timeout, does Carroll send Tom Malone onto the field to punt and create as much real estate between Young and the end zone as possible?Well, no ???Malone wasn t coming onto the field, which Brown was aware of during the timeout. I told the team,  Brown said, that if we stop this play, we re going to win the national championship.  Bingo.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24610
The answer above completely sums it up...Vince Young and some crucial defensive stops won it for Texas
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24611
it was vince youngs day he just couldnt go wrong plus usc make too many mistakes and bad decisions in crucial situations
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24612
They were just outplayed!  + VINCE YOUNG BALLED IT UP
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24613
becuz they suckthey overratedtheir coach sucksandthey play all sucky teams till now
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24614
Every one talked about how Texas had never seen anything like Reggie Bush, but truth is USC had NEVER seen anyone like Vince Young.They under estimated their opponent especially the offense star Vince Young.All the pundits where saying Texas had to play perfect to have a chance and USC bought into this.  USC players talked about how the National Championship was about them, i.e. the Rose Bowl had little to do with their opponent.Texas play was far from perfect... Many balls on ground, place kicker had really bad start, etc.Neither defense could be expected to stop the others teams offensive consistently. So it came down to which defensive could stop any drive.  Any stop in the second half became critical.When the game was on the line Texas defensive came up with that one big stop.  This put it in the hands of the offense lead by Vince which Texas expected to win the game.Bottom line... Two great teams met of the gridiron. One expected to win. The other DEMANDED the win.

QUESTION ID: 1QJXCD5D5FW1R5Q
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do doctors test for cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: I was wondering if they can tall if someone has cancer from blood tests.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34730
Detection Direct or assisted visual observation is the most widely available examination for the detection of cancer. It is useful in identifying suspicious lesions in the skin, retina, lip, mouth, larynx, external genitalia, and cervix. The second most available detection procedure is palpation to detect lumps, nodules, or tumors in the breast, mouth, salivary glands, thyroid, subcutaneous tissues, anus, rectum, prostate, testes, ovaries, and uterus and enlarged lymph nodes in the neck, axilla, or groin. Internal cancers require procedures and tests such as endoscopy, x-rays, magnetic resonance imaging, or ultrasound. Laboratory tests, such as the Pap smear or the fecal occult blood test have been employed for detection of specific cancers. The performance of screening tests is usually measured in terms of sensitivity, specificity, and positive-predictive values (PPV) and negative-predictive values (NPV). Sensitivity is the chance that a person with cancer has a positive test. Specificity is the chance a person without cancer has a negative test. PPV is the chance that a person with a positive test has cancer. NPV is the chance that a person with a negative test does not have cancer. PPV and, to a lesser degree, NPV are affected by the prevalence of disease in the screened population. For a given sensitivity and specificity, the higher the prevalence, the higher the PPV. http://www.cancer.gov/cancerinfo/pdq/screening/overview#Section_15Peace.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84341
Most cancers are initially recognized either because signs or symptoms appear or through screening. Neither of these lead to a definitive diagnosis, which usually requires the opinion of a pathologist.Roughly, cancer symptoms can be divided into three groups:1. Local symptoms: unusual lumps or swelling (tumor), hemorrhage (bleeding), pain and/or ulceration. Compression of surrounding tissues may cause symptoms such as jaundice. 2. Symptoms of metastasis (spreading): enlarged lymph nodes, cough and hemoptysis, hepatomegaly (enlarged liver), bone pain, fracture of affected bones and neurological symptoms. Although advanced cancer may cause pain, it is often not the first symptom. 3.  Systemic symptoms: weight loss, poor appetite and cachexia (wasting), excessive sweating (night sweats), anemia and specific paraneoplastic phenomena, i.e. specific conditions that are due to an active cancer, such as thrombosis or hormonal changes. Every single item in the above list can be caused by a variety of conditions (a list of which is referred to as the differential diagnosis). Cancer may be a common or uncommon cause of each itemBlood test results may give a doubt in case of  some cancers  but it is not the ultimate test.

QUESTION ID: 1S7RCZ4X0FWOKA3
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i deal with my getting my feelings hurt?
QUESTION CONTENT: the person doing it is a really good friend who i care about, hes going through atough time at home (left home), i know i shouldn t complain, and he probably doesn t know hes doing it, but i don t want to be the one to take all tha pain away from his situation. I can only take so much before i give back. (usually worse than he did to me.)im trying to help him, but hes 17-18, really sick and still wants to be on his own. he knows its not a goood idea, but i can t conviince him to go back home. i enlisted the help of my advisor and found a therapist to talk to him, but he still doesn t wanna take responsibilty and do the right thing and go back home until hes ready to get out.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11522
and then there are people who will destroy or make fun of your feelings and rob them and keep them for themselves and tell you to get a life Jesus tells us to turn the other cheek,
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79773
Man up, Nancy-boy! At least they didn t stab you.Or, maybe, think about why you felt hurt, and if appropriate, tell the person who hurt your feelings and why.You really don t give us much to go on here, Ace.  Why are your feelings hurt?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79774
Re evaluate your Relationship with the Person Who did So. If your Friendship Turns out Not So important...then Dont even bother with that Person. If Its From SOmeone you DO care about, then tell them that what they said hurt. Just Talk to them about it. If they Really Care about you, they will understand and listen.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79775
Allow yourself to feel the pain of being hurt and tell yourself that you are hurt.  After you have felt it for a moment, forgive the person who has hurt your feelings.  If it is possible, let the person know that you were hurt and also let them know that you have forgiven them in your heart.  After you have done all of these things, move on.  People get hurt all of the time.  It s part of life....part pain and part pleasure.  You probably will get hurt in the future and you will probably hurt other people unintentionally in the future.  It s just the way that it goes.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79776
Getting your feelings hurt, though painful right now, will help you to toughen up in the future. Unfortunately bad things happen to all of us. However, if we stand back and wait awhile we will see that no matter what happens, it is a lesson and a gift from the universe. Wait long enough and things will change.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79777
if i pass this one  by   i loose....so  i ll try........as  we  grow  from a child  state.[necessary]all our  information  is collected about..me  and  my  life...we dont  realize  though  we have  bouts  of recollections...about  what  makes us and  guides us.....then  as  far as  we know  this  is  a form  of self  created  happiness...we feel  wonderful  when  we  can  give  take  andshare  life  in  our  self  created  world........then  we  meet  others  who  we  seldome  realize  have  and  are living  in  their  own  self  created  world.....if  there s  only two  people....an  adjustment  takes  place...this  could  be  bros  sisters...neighbors...relatives....the  biological  move  from  a single  cell  to  a  multicellular  organism.....if  this  didn t  happen  benificioally  in  our  long  ago  past..we  couldn t  find  a rational  basis..for  activity now  or  later on....our  systems  require  energy; food  is  considerd  nourishment....and  we  are too  nourishid  by  helpful  acts...as  is other  life  forms...we  have  a  built  in  governor  who s  job  it  is  too keep  us  healthy..as  individuals.....also  the  next  step  is  to  govern  our  relationships....that  comes  through  as  we  become  aware  of  our  feelings....example  we  don t  call   bullies  , bullies  for  no  reason....they should  be  called  cow_herds....becausethey  have  reverted  to  protecting  themselves,as  bulls  are  supposed  to  do...only  they  get  agressive  and as  people  don t understand and  come  frome  fear...because  most  of us  want  to  defend  ourselfs [Naturally]we  add  to  the  unsolveable game.....sometimes  it s called  stuck  energy.....what  is  called v a  hurt  feeling  is  important  to  understand...if  we  react  to  it  in  the  same  way  there  is  no change or  improvement.... there  is  an  old  sayn....count  to  ten  b4  you  act....this  is  where  it  comes  from....you  have  5  fingers v on  each  hand...hold  onto  each  one  and  count  as  you  breath ten  fingersx ten  breaths....is  100...that  will  put  you  in  a new  viewpoint...first  because  you  never  did  it  b 4  second  its  a  new  experience...and  yr  govenor...is  accepting  you  asa  a  friend....and  friends  have  no  enemies...you  are  doing  nothing  to  harm  anyone  and  yrliving in a world  where  the  govenor  dosn t  have to  back login  survival  mode.......by  the  way  i m  not  an  authority  in  this...because  authorities   sometimes  useharsh  survival  tactics...to  enforce  their views....which  becomes  survival.......and  the  govoner  in  us  all has a  job  to  regulate our  lives......the  third  step  in  government....becomes  international....where  we  have  to  interrelate  with  all kinds  of  territories  and  boundries..predjudices  biases  and impractical  beliefs.....Suprise....this  is  wher  we  learn tolerance......because  if  we  dont beat them up there s one less calouse  to dissolve....you are the brave  warrior  of  old  to  seek  help  for  others  isa part of our  heritage...andwe naturally  hope  the  best  forall mankind....try to  lay  this  out  on  paper  listing  the  problem as  you  see it...but  not  interfearing...if  you  get  close  to  the  hurt...do  the ten fingers  again...they re attached  to  the  best  part  of  you....then  when  you  sleep  take  the  only  pill  you  or  society  will ever  need..a  PILL>OW..and  cover up  with  the blanket of  hope  andyou  may  find  the  answer  was  waiting  for  yr  question....ty friend  happiness

QUESTION ID: 1UKNFGGLJBFUKY7
QUESTION SUBJECT: what is cervical cancer? how do u get it... ???
QUESTION CONTENT: what is how do u get it ... does it have anything to do with a male.??? idk but i am going to go get a shot .. to keep me from getting this... hopefully... so what is it for all my mom says u will learn when your older ... what is it??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88731
Make sure that you know gardisil only protects from 4 types of HPV.  You can still get cervical cancer with the shot, and you can get it even if you are not sexually active.  Your mom wont tell you bc for some reason she thinks that sex is the only cause.  And if this is the case, she may not take you to get the shot.  I dont know how to tell you to do it, but you need to talk to your mom and tell her that you know what sex is and you really want to know more about cervical cancer.  I dont know how old you are, but that is something you need to know about.And then you obviously need to know what a cervix is - the opening at the bottom uterus at the top of the vagina.  HPV is the human papaloma virus.  There are severals different types.  The shot protects against the 4 known to cause cancer.  Here is some basic info.  I would suggest searching a lil further to educate yourself, and then talk to your mom again.http://www.gardasil.com/questions-about-gardasil.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88732
70% of all cervical cancer is due to a sexually transmitted infection called HPV. How do you get it? 70% of the time from HPV. How do you prevent it? Well, do not smoke cigarettes, do not beging having sex before the age of 17, do not have many sexual partners, and get a yearly pap smear.Do not get the vaccine and think that you are free from getting cervical cancer! Do NOT think that you can run around and not get the yearly exam because you have been given the shot against HPV. The Gardasil Shot is to prevent you from the strains of HPV that can cause cervical cancer.Cervical cancer is cancer of the cervix. Even with the shot, you can still get HPV, more than 80% of all sexually active people have at some point been infected with HPV. Most cases do not produce symptoms and go away without any medical treatment. Many forms of HPV are not the strains that can cause cervical cancer. The main symptom of HPV is genital warts. Men carry the HPV virus as well. They may or may not know whether or not they are a carrier unless they get genital warts. They can carry the virus and pass it along without having had their first outbreak of genital warts for sometimes an outbreak does not occur for weeks, months, and sometimes years before they have an outbreak.The Gardasil shot is not just a little prick one time. It is a course of rather painful shots over a period of 6 months. So, get your shots and before you become sexually active get a pap smear and pelvic exam. Always use protection! Always know who you are having sex with and how many partners that person has had and that they are free from disease before you have sex with them. Always go for your yearly exam, the shot helps to prevent cervical cancer, but there are many reproductive cancers and problems that need attention besides cervical cancer so make sure you always take care of your sexual health and do not neglect your yearly exam.Best Wishes!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88733
Here s some med info for you:http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/cervical-cancer/DS00167

QUESTION ID: 1UL1IDV7VT5MNDE
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to protect yourself from a bear?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m serious. I m going to the  Bieszczady mountains where there are apparently 200 bears and not many people. I ve just read that a bear in that area killed 3 years old  European bison. I know that bears usually don t attack people, but if I come across such  hungry beast, what is the best way save your life? They run faster than me and can climb the trees.. I don t have a gun permission. Anyone experienced?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 50556
Great questionI have done alot of trekking through California, Montana and Wyoming and have met Black bears (which are quite dinky and placid but can go nuts if they have babies), and have been half an hour away from (allegedly) the mother of all grizzley s whilst on a trail through Glacier National park - so some other trekkerers told me...What the park wardens say is SING, SHOUT, MAKE NOISE...do it loudly, let them know you are there..they will get out of the way, it is a surprised bear wot will go mental and rip your little legs off..No fun permission: anything that will confuse them and stop them in their tracks...I have been told be an native american buddy that to keep a bottle of perfume in your pocket...throw it at the ground near your feet and make the place stink: they have good noses, them bears, and a mega concentrated dose of Britney Spears Obsessive Compulsive is gonna give em something to think about...Have you got a rape alarm? Def take that...you only need to distract them for a second then they will lose interest..Stick to the trails is the most important thing, and talk to everyone you see when trekking: make sure others know where you are...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9208
Listen to beetles advice...I went throught bear safety training as I work as a wildlife biologist and worked up in the artctic in Alaska..his advice is basically what we were told.  In addition if the bear actually approaches you or charges you....still stand your ground.  Many times they will not actually come in contact with you, they will charge, almost touch you than run away.  If a bear actually makes contact with you, lay on the ground on your stomach with hands over head.  DO NOT SCREAM or yell, this will make the attack worse.  Some bears will attack for a minute of two than fun away.  If the attack continues for longer than 2 minutes (not that you d be in ANY condition to keep track of time at this point!)...then and only then are you to roll over facing the bear and fight back!!  I know these instructions sound kind of crazy but these are litgitimate insturctions from experts that keep hikers and oil drillers in bear country alive!!  Do carry bear mace with you, and keep it readily available, wear on your hip on a belt, and make noise while hiking so you don t surprise anyone!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9837
all depends on wot kind of beargrizzla bears wont attack if u play dead while brown bears will run away if u stand tall and make a noisesome bears can climb trees toofind out wot kind of bear it is and check out some proper websiteif its a teddy bear i woodnt worry too much
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9838
Don t shoot bears, mean person. A stun gun will do the trick
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32149
you should walk through the woods, talking, or making noise if at all possible, this will alert the bear to your presence. Most bears are instinctively scared of humans, so letting them know you are there is a safe way to avoid scaring them and provoking an attack. Should you come face to face with a bear, you should slowly walk away from it, dont turn and run, this will make it attack you. Walk backwards with your head slightly to the side, so you can see where you are going, and talk to the animal good bear  nice bear .Bear sprays are also available at most hunting and fishing supply stores, it is basically pepper spray, and apparently works very well at keeping bears at bay.People! bears are scavengers, they will eat you if you are dead anyways, plus they can tell you are alive, the only reason in the odd case that they leave you alone is becasue they ralize that they have proven to you that they are dominant, thats all, if they wanted to kill you, lying dead or not, they would!Hope this helps!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32150
One approach might be to lie prone on the ground showing your belly- the bear will supposedly accept this as a sign of submission and walk off. If the bear is particularly hungry or sick though, you will still be in trouble. Of course, perhaps the surest protection would be not to go into the mountains at all. Care to reconsider your trip?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32151
id just give it a lil wink and smile and its sure to stop dead in its tracks, then start to walk up to it slowly wiggling ur hips and telling it what a handsome bear it is and start to tickle its belly and I m sure u will have a new friend. simple see, but mmmmmm maybe that will only work on the male bears mmmmm but its worth a try isn t it lol
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32152
Black bears? or Grizzly bears? The actions you should take are different based on the type of bear... for example adult Grizzlies can t climb trees, but Black bears can even when adults. If you come across a Black bear or Grizzly you should probably not turn your back and run because that might make them chase you, instead you should face the bears direction without making direct eye contact and back away slowly until the bear is out of sight... most times a Black bear will run away if it sees a human and if they attack, best thing to do is fight back as best as you can... and if a black bear charges you stand your ground and dont run it will trigger thier hunting instincts. Climbing a tree to escape a black bear is pointless because they can climb very well.  With a Grizzly your best bet is to back up to a large tree and climb it, keeping in mind it better be a pretty sturdy tree because they are powerful animals capable of knocking a smaller tree over. They can not climb in general as thier claws are longer and not semi-retractable like a Black bears claws. I truly disagree with the whole play dead approach because both Grizzlies and Black bears are oppurtunistic animals and will feed on carrion as well as kill and eat animals...although Black bears are much more scavenger like and tend not to kill to eat as much as they just look around for scraps. Grizzlies on the other hand are very accomplished hunters and will take down large prey animals when they want. Black bears are much less predatory and are less likely to chase after and try to kill a running animal but they can and running triggers that instinct. So in all honesty your best bet is to stand your ground and back away.... don t run for either type of bear becausethat will make them want to chase you! I have lived in the wilderness of Northern Canada for many years and I can honestly say that Black bears are not at all likely to attack you in most cases they run away as soon as they see or smell a human, the only places where Black bears are agressive is in parks with visitors that feed them, everywhere else the bears know that usually humans shoot them and so fear us. Grizzlies are far more agressive as far as I have heard (having no direct experience of them) because they hunt much more and are far larger animals that truly do not fear much of anything at all....
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50557
you stop your breath because bear are not eat a dead people.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50558
Bears attack people because the bears are startled (put a bell on your pack as you hike, they will hear you coming and go the other direction); they are protecting their young (never get between a sow and her cubs!); they are territorial (back away slowly and do not make eye contact); they are hungry (do not keep food in your tent.  Also, they can be attracted to your scent, including during menstrual cycle).  If you are attacked, DO NOT run; play dead and pray.

QUESTION ID: 1V0GSF28BAB21LO
QUESTION SUBJECT: why are so many people ignorant to cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: hi my name is trevor I have a few relatives who have had cancer a couple have died from it its just so annoying of there ignorance
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41140
i didn`t think anyone was ignorant of cancer, if they are they sound like people to thick for me to talk to anyway. i try not to speak with morons as they make retarded remarks its not there fault but I tend to want to hit them so i avoid them. My uncle has cancer and it is so sad to see if anyone has friends or family with cancer I know how hurtful it can be to see them in pain and my prayers are with you
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41141
I am not ignorant if it makes you feel any better- though my family seem to be. Cancer runs in my dads family yet he continues to live off fry-ups, take no excercise and doesnt socialise. He is in his 60s, his parents died of cancer when they were in their 60s. My mother used to smoke, she gave it up but her husband smokes 20 plus a day and doesnt excercise. He has smoked for at least 25 years. He doesnt worry about cancer. My sister takes weekly sunbeds when the sun isnt shining otherwise shes out there with her factor 4. She is 21 and has been doing this since she was 10.I am paranoid about getting cancer. I do not go out in the sun without factor 15 at least on- usually factor 25. I eat 10 portions of vegetables a day, and 5 portions of fruit, I dont drink fruit juice I eat them so I can ensure I get the vitamins. I excercise 2 or 3 times a week aerobic tyoe stuff for atleast an hou and in addition ensure I walk 20 mins -fast- a day. I also take vitamins and mineral tablets as well as omega 3 oils and my down fall? aside from the genes is my sleep- I cant sleep!!!!!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41142
Surely no one is ignorant to cancer. We all know what it is generally speaking and I should think nearly everyone on here knows someone who died from cancer. My Grandmother and Grandfather died from lung cancer so it isn t really a new term to me. The two biggest killers are cancer and heart attacks so I seriously doubt that there are many people who are ignorant about either of these. Most who smoke know the dangers and so do those who eat bad foods. It s not all about ignorance, it s sometimes about not caring when or how you die. With all the warnings on cigarette packets I would think it impossible not to know they cause cancer unless you are illiterate, eventhen you would have daily comments from non smokers telling you that you will get cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41143
There are more than 100 types of cancers; any part of the body can be affected.In 2005, 7.6 million people died of cancer - 13% of the 58 million deaths worldwide.More than 70% of all cancer deaths occur in low and middle income countries.Worldwide, the 5 most common types of cancer that kill men are (in order of frequency): lung, stomach, liver, colorectal and oesophagusWorldwide, the 5 most common types of cancer that kill women are (in the order of frequency): breast, lung, stomach, colorectal and cervicalTobacco use is the single largest preventable cause of cancer in the world.One fifth of all cancers worldwide are caused by a chronic infection, for example human papillomavirus (HPV) causes cervical cancer and hepatitis B virus (HBV) causes liver cancer.A third of cancers could be cured if detected early and treated adequately.All patients in need of pain relief could be helped if current knowledge about pain control and palliative care were applied.40% of cancer could be prevented, mainly by not using tobacco, having a healthy diet, being physically active and preventing infections that may cause cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41144
Hi Trevor,I have had cancer for two years and am undergoing at present my second round of chemo.I find it particularly hard because the type of cancer I had has left me with a facial disfigurement, therefore hard to hide.People stare at me like I am about to kill them, or they stare out of curiousity. Either way, sometimes I feel like wearing a placard saying yes I have cancer - no need to stare - its not catching .There is a LOT of ignorant people out there, and not just about cancer.Love to all on chemo. x x x x .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41145
i was only saying this today, my mum was diagnosed with breast cancer in december,she has now been given the all clear,but still has 15 sessions of radiotherapy to go through,and has to take tamoxifen forthe next 5 yrs, i ve got to admit i was one of these ignorant people until my mum was diagnosed,i was really ignorant to how many lives cancer affects,but now we have rang the cancer helpline and got a collection box to put in my mums b&b,hopefully we will raise a lot of money,hospitals need money for MRI scans etc,these scans are only offered to a minority of people because they cost a lot of money,if we could at least diagnose the cancer early then many lives could be saved,i truly understand what you are saying,but think back to before you lost anybody to this nasty disease,were you ignorant too?  its a very difficult time watching an independant relative become so frail,(i also lost my mother in law,who had 5 brain tumours,from the time of diagnosis to passing away, she had 8wks) people need to be more aware,NEVER say it wont happen to us because you never know when its going to grab you and pull you down,i used to think like this,and i admit it was by thinking these words,now i know better,and will go out of my way,and help as much as i can,if i can save at least 1 life.i totally agree with you!

QUESTION ID: 1W44CNT6MRZWKP0
QUESTION SUBJECT: Any sugestions of how to ease the sickness caused through chemo?
QUESTION CONTENT: I had chemo 5 days ago and few constantly sick.  The tablets stop me from being sick, but i was wondering if anyone new of a way of relieving the actual nausia.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34653
Having been through that too, I agree the anti-emetics do work to a certain extent (Zofran / metaclopramide) but they left me feeling still nauseous and just sleepy. (In the end stopped taking them).You feel sick / vomit because your body is desperately trying to rid itself of what is effectively poison.Easing the actual vomiting / nausea is more difficult - I lived off tea&toast for over a year! Stick to bland SMELLS - weird I know, but strong (food) smells or perfumes can trigger a response. This trigger can become more psycological if you have a strong association with a particular food / smell&the hospital...took me three years after my chemo to be able to walk past the public cafe in my local hospital without holding my breath...Light mints are fairly innofensive to a sensitive system, so sipping peppermint tea serves a dual purpose - reduces nausea (medicinally) and gives your mind something else to concentrate on, ginger works equally well. Eat small, light meals to begin with - and chew everything really well (no need to say why), and drink cool (not freezing cold) water or diluted drinks. As your treatment progresses your body s response to will be less severe.Seriously, all the best with your chemo. Keep a good frame of mind hang in there. I m living proof that it can work (ended chemo over 12 years ago for Extra-skeletal Ewing s Sarcoma.)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34654
Check with you Oncologist.  I had a whole medicine cabinet of stuff that was just for the side effects.  Most side effects are controllable, but it may take some trial and error to find what works for you without causing more problems.Best wishes!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34655
Have you tried Phenergan or Zophran?My daughter was going through chemo and radiation too, they reccomened it. but you have to get in touch with your oncologist about that any ailments may have and ask questions. they are there to help you. also try some Seagrams ginger ale(less spice than Canada Dryor Canada Dry.

QUESTION ID: 1XMNR0DUWY0ANB7
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can we get umu oil as suggested for alternative to colon cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 12948
You should always check the safety of CAM products through the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine. Many unproven products can interfere with traditional treatments. Check with your doctor first before trying anything.National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicinehttp://nccam.nih.gov/You can also check any product that has been used in the treatment of cancer at the National Library of Medicine. If it is not listed there, than it has not been studied and is highly questionable as to being of any benefit in the treatment of cancer tumors.http://www.nlm.nih.gov/If you have colon cancer please contact a support group which includes other patients with this type of cancer. Talking with other cancer patients is one of the best ways to find out what treatments are working. Colon Cancer Discussion Grouphttp://listserv.acor.org/archives/colon.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9716
I think you mean emu oil???  Any health food store will be able to help you with that.CHEERS
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39678
emu oil or emu oil gel caps can be ordered on line. Just punch up emu oil and select the company you want to deal with. Its that simple.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39679
Please stop all the chemo therapy and doctor recommended medicines right away. Doctors dont want you to know of the alternative medicines that can actually CURE CANCER. If a doctor tells you the alternative medicines, they will be out of a job. How much does it cost for chemo therapy each time you take in those chemicals? This medicine is better and only $75 dollars a bottle. Each bottle lasts a month. You take an ounce per day, and after each dose, you eat a banana or eat potatoes. its called CESIUM CHLORIDE. The problem with chemo therapy is that they always say that they never know how each person will be affected by the chemicals. You could die the next day, or you can die in a month. BUT, you cannot live past 2 years. So, its not a good garauntee that you will extend your life for 2 years. The reason is because chemo therapy is a toxin. A poison that kills your body. And if it kills the cancers before it kills you then you are cured. And if the cancer dies before you die, you probably wont live past 5 years. Because even after the cancer is killed, your body is completely deteriorated. I bet you cannot ask 100 people who knew someone who went to chemo therapy and lived more then 5 years after defeating cancer. You might get lucky and find like 2 people. What are your chances that you will be that 2 lucky people that live? So, how good of a cure can chemo therapy be? The key to defeating cancer is all over the net. But the people who sell these alternatives cannot say on their labels that their medicines cure cancer. It is against FDA rules. The reason is because if this is done, then doctors, hospitals, and pharmaceautical companies cannot make any money. So, according to FDA, it has to be stated on the bottles that it is for vitamins only, etc etc. You can go find these medicines and take care of your cancers in 3 to 12 months. Just listen to me as I dont make anything off of this. I am only here to help. I am sick of these doctors and big companies making money off dyng people. Doctors wont tell you either. Its against their rules. Well, gee, they were ones who created these rules, so go figure. I believe there were like alot of medicines that take care of cancers. There is a top 10 list somewhere. I think cesium chloride is listed number 1 or 2 on the list. I found a good bottle of this on www.nutrition2000.com. I think this was the address. You can always search the internet. Get the one that contains rubidium (I think this is how it is spelt). This helps your body absorb the medicine. Good luck my friend. And please pass this information to everybody you know that needs it.

QUESTION ID: 1XVW0CB4IY41A50
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is space black?
QUESTION CONTENT: dundunduni like big PIE
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79074
Your question, which seems simple, is actually very difficult to answer! It is a question that many scientists pondered for many centuries - including Johannes Kepler, Edmond Halley , and German physician-astronomer Wilhelm Olbers.There are two things to think about here. Let s take the easy one first and ask why is the daytime sky blue here on Earth? That is a question we can answer. The daytime sky is blue because light from the nearby Sun hits molecules in the Earth s atmosphere and scatters off in all directions. The blue color of the sky is a result of this scattering process. At night, when that part of Earth is facing away from the Sun, space looks black because there is no nearby bright source of light, like the Sun, to be scattered. If you were on the Moon, which has no atmosphere, the sky would be black both night and day. You can see this in photographs taken during the Apollo Moon landings.So, now on to the harder part - if the Universe is full of stars, why doesn t the light from all of them add up to make the whole sky bright all the time? It turns out that if the Universe was infinitely large and infinitely old, then we would expect the night sky to be bright from the light ofall those stars. Every direction you looked in space you would be looking at a star. Yet we know from experience that space is black! This paradox is known as Olbers Paradox. It is a paradox because of the apparent contradiction between our expectation that the night sky be bright and our experience that it is black.Many different explanations have been put forward to resolve Olbers Paradox. The best solution at present is that the Universe is not infinitely old; it is somewhere around 15 billion years old. That means we can only see objects as far away as the distance light can travel in 15 billion years. The light from stars farther away than that has not yet had time to reach us and so can t contribute to making the sky bright.Another reason that the sky may not be bright with the visible light of all the stars is because when a source of light is moving away from you, the wavelength of that light is made longer (which for light means more red.) This means that the light from stars that are moving away from us will become shifted towards red, and may shift so far that it is no longer visible at all. (Note: You hear the same effect when an ambulance passes you, and the pitch of the siren gets lower as the ambulance travels away from you; this effect is called the Doppler Effect).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27255
it was created like that
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27256
I like Dallas answer.Mine is the same.

QUESTION ID: 1Y1WR0WAP22QMMY
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why can t you go faster than the speed of light?
QUESTION CONTENT: If I was on a train moving 2 miles an hour below the speed of light and then took a step forward, why wouldn t I be moving at the speed of light?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 34410
The question you really have to ask is who you are travelling relative to.If you were travelling on your train that was travelling away from me at 2 miles/hr below the speed of light and then you walked along the train at 2 miles/hr relative to the train, the question you have to answer is how much faster you are walking relative to me.At the end of the 19th century experiments started to show that everyone gets the same result for the speed of light, regardless of how they are moving. This means that on your train if you turned on a flashlight then the light would move away from you relative to you and the train at the speed of light, and it would also move away from me at the speed of light. This is not what you expect from simple ideas of adding speeds, but it is how the universe actually behaves.So when you walk down the train you will indeed be walking at 2 mph relative to the train, but relative to me your speed will not add to the speed of light or more - not even light can pull off that trick. Einstein showed that speeds actually add differently bya factor of sqrt(1 - v^2/c^2). For normal speeds v is much less than c and so this is 1. For very high speeds it is zero.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34411
I remember that this is one of Ainistin theories, if you travel by the speed of light, you will arrive to the destination before you the time you traveled from the source ... beside I don t think that the human cells will stay intact with such speed
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34412
You would have to step forward at 2 miles per hour. Then you would be travelling at the speed of light. Unfortunately , no train can get you to this speed in the first place. If we could travel at this velocity then we would be taking vacations on planet zog. What I want to know is, why cant I hear at the speed of light????
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34413
Although a ship can not go faster than light, the space that the ship is in can, or so I understand, making warp drive theoretically possible.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34414
No, not at all. The problem is you are using the nature of everyday reality, far below the speed of light, to make predictions at the speed of light. This is a fallacy; everyday Newtonian physics breaks down at these extreme speeds.First of all, you mention no reference frame. At the start of the scenario you are traveling at c minus 2 mph... according to whom? Without this information the report of your speed is meaningless. If you are looking at your OWN reference frame, from your OWN point of view, then your speed is zero by definition! Clearly, then, there is no problem walking forward.If you are looking from an external viewpoint, you must be looking from an inertial reference frame which has zero acceleration and zero gravity. (This is testable; in an inertial frame of reference you can place an object in the air in front of you and it will simply stay there or move with constant speed. Right now, you are not in an inertial reference frame because of Earth s gravity.) Without an inertial observer, the frame is invalid and must be corrected by appropriate Lorentz transformations, as explained in General Relativity.But suppose you are floating in space watching a space ship with your friend Bob flying past at c minus 2 mph. What would it look like?- The spacecraft would be shorter than it would if your relative speed was zero. In fact, as its speed approaches c its length along its axis of motion approaches zero!- Time on board the spacecraft runs more slowly than time does for you. As speed aproaches c, the rate of time approaches zero.- The mass of the spacecraft and everything on it is greater than if the spacecraft were stopped. As speed tends towards c, mass increases towards infinity.These three effects mean your simple experiment of having Bob walk forward results in very different measurements for you and for Bob. Bob just sees things happening normally and he walks forward and picks up his coffee cup from the table. He walks at, say, 3 mph.You see him at something like c minus 1.9999999999999999999 mph, rather than c minus 2 mph! That is because:1) The spacecraft is shorter, so the distance to Bob s coffee cup is shorter and since he travels a shorter distance in a given time period he is traveling at a slower rate2) Bob s measurement of time is slower than yours, so you see him moving more slowly3) Ignoring the first two points, Bob s mass increases dramatically as his speed approaches c, which means he is not strong enough to speed himself up -- no matter how strong he is, or how much help he gets. Accelerating ANY piece of mass, even a single electron, to the speed of light would require an infinite amount of energy because the object s mass approaches infinity as it approaches the speed of light.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34415
The answer is relatively simple (no pun intended).  you likely would be traveling in a rocket ship rather than a train 9because of the vacuum of space).  You could increase the speed of the rocket (accelerate) as long as you can eject gas, ions or even photons) from your tailpipe traveling faster than your rocket ship.  Unfortunately, nothing has been observed in the Universe traveling faster than the speed of light and all photons travel at exactly the speed of light.  As you approach the speed of light you can eject only photons traveling at the speed of light and they can never make you travel faster than they are traveling while being ejected.  At anywhere near the speed of light your rocket ship would have to expend tremendous amounts of energy (more than you could store on board) to get even a little extra push.  As the rocket ship goes faster and faster it contains more and more kinetic energy.  That energy is equivalent to mass using Einstein s equation E = mc2.  At the speed of light the rocket ship must attain infinite mass, yet it can have no more mass than it had at the start of the flight.

QUESTION ID: 1Y6GJFZ2DOFD18Q
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much cholesterol intake should you be consuming in a day?
QUESTION CONTENT: ?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 44880
Various school of thought are there, regarding daily intatake of cholestrol:Some recommend not greater than 250 mg/day, others recommend 300 mg/day.This article on understanding cholestrol will help you out:Cholesterol is found only in animal foods. Thus, the labelling of other products as Cholesterol-free is misleading. The most concentrated sources of cholesterol are found in organ meats and eggs. One egg has about 200 mg. of cholesterol, and daily requirements are about 300 mg. per day. Contrary to popular belief, there is little difference in the cholesterol content of meat, poultry, or fish. A food does not have to be high in saturated fat to be high in cholesterol since cholesterol is stored primarily in lean tissue.It is not cholesterol alone that causes problems. It is the oxygenation of cholesterol that causes the damage. Oxygenation, or free radical development, is the process that changes the composition of this essential nutrient, turning it into a destructive compound. Oxidation of cholesterol is formed when it is exposed to air. This happens during the many stages of processing meat, milk, eggs, butter, and cheese products. Added to this is the means of processing -- firing, smoking, curing, aging,and packaging all contribute further to the oxygenation of cholesterol-containing foods. Such fast foods as fried chicken, fish, hamburgers; as well as dried and packaged foods, are some of the greatest sources of free radicals.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20254
There are four major fats in the foods we eat:  saturated fats,  trans fats, monounsaturated fats and polyunsaturated fats.  The four types have different chemical structures and physical properties.  The bad fats, saturated and trans fats, tend to be more solid at room temperature (like a stick of butter), while monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats tend to be more liquid (like liquid vegetable oil). Fats can also have different effects on the cholesterol levels in your body.  The bad fats, saturated fats and trans fats raise bad cholesterol (LDL) levels in your blood.  Monounsaturated fats and polyunsaturated fats don???t seem to raise bad cholesterol levels and are beneficial when consumed in moderation.A healthy diet balances the number of calories you eat with the number of calories you burn, and emphasizes eating vegetables, fruits, whole-grain/high-fiber foods, fat-free and low-fat dairy products, lean meats, poultry, fish (at least twice a week), and limiting how much saturated fat, trans fat and cholesterol you eat.  Also, drink fewer beverages and eatfewer foods with added sugars, and choose and prepare foods with little or no salt.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55641
Dietary cholesterol intake does NOT  increase blood cholesterol levels.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55642
Amongst those with some sort of knowledge on this subject, even the most ardent proponents of the cholesterol theory grudgingly admit that dietary intake of cholesterol has no bearing at all on so called blood cholesterol levels. your body produces around 70% of your cholesterol, the more you eat, the less your liver produces and the less you eat the more your liver producers.Many people continue to display total ignorance on this subject by confusing a lipoprotein (hdl, ldl, vldl) with a lipid or with cholesterol. They are not the same, one is never made from or into another. It never ceases to amaze me that people who should know better (Pharamacists etc) don t seem to have a grasp on the basic biochemical facts regarding this subject. If you don t understant the very basics, how can you give advice?The following are articles written by a knowledgable doctor explaining theses basics in simple terms. If there are any factual innacuracies in it please point them out.

QUESTION ID: 1YFTOXMATJC2DO4
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i lose weight in about 9 months in a healthy way?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72796
Get an exercise plan with a healthy diet. The best way to lose fat is to do cardio such as running, or swimming. if you want to tune up do so resistance workouts. Even if you dont want to tune up do some resistance workout just consintrate more on cardio. Look for a plan that works for you. A diet plan will make your exersice plan far more efficient here are the basicsThe basics of most nutrition booksDon???t starve yourself. That???s the worst thing you can do in a diet because it slows down your metabolism and your body starts getting more fat from your food intake since, fat is the bodies fastest and easiest type of nutrition[not the healthiest though]. The reason this happen is because this helped us when we were no doing so good as hunters and gathers to keep us alive a bit longer. Before I continue let me explain protein, carbohydrates, and fats.Protein is easiest described as anything that comes from or was an animal such chicken, fish, sirloin, and milk. Carbohydrates [carbs]can be found almost in anything else even apples.Good carbs:Apples, wheat bread, sourdough bread, grains, and wheat Bad carbs:White bread, hamburger buns, hotdog buns, Doritos, and sodas!Good fats:Avocados, pecans, almonds, and peanut butter The ratio in your dietvaries but I think a good starting point is something like[50%Protien:40%Carbs:10%fat]This can sound meaningless. So in plain terms consume only good fats [portioned]and you should be okay.  Something like a handful of almonds, or a table spoon of peanut butter should be consumed three times a day [separately. not consecutively]. The reason this is relevant to your question of decreasing your appetite is because you are required to intake around 1200 calories for a 180lb person [Proteins are 4 calories, Carbs are 4 calories, Fats are 9 calories]so theoretically if you eat less fats and more proteins you will have a less appetite because you will eat more. Another nifty advice is that your body turns carbohydrates into fat not fat itself. That???s how the Adkins basically works. If you consume more proteins and less carbs you will lose weight. I leave to you to decide if this is good you.I would also advice you to split up your day into 5 meals. [warning: it will feel weird because you are not used to eating this decreased amount. Just keep in mind that you will eat in 3 hour and you will quickly noticed that you will not go hungry and most importantly not feel hungry]if you do feel hungry eat a small snack like an apple or a wrap of peanut butter with a wheat tortilla.You are suppose to split up meals because your body can consume a certain amount of nutrition the rest is just wasted and turned into fat [if you have been starving yourself or if you don???t exercise].
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68991
If you are willing to take 9 months it s fairly easy to lose weight. Just cut back a little bit on the foods you normally eat. By only cutting back a little, you won t feel deprived, and little by little, over the months you will lose the weight. You can, of course exercise a bit more to help the process. But again, being willing to take the time is a big plus in reaching your lowered weight goal.

QUESTION ID: 1ZEYER1LQSSBJ8D
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you determine if an action is manifestation of disability?
QUESTION CONTENT: A special ed student should not be punished if his actions are a manifestation of his disabillity.  Staying on task and not taking appropriate materials to class as well as not treating his peers and teachers with respect are all manifestations of deression and adhd, right?  If so then why he he constantly punished for this at school and what do I do about it?  He is in special education mainstream for emotional dissturbance.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2691
There is a process dictated by the IEP for a child with an IEP who has been suspended or is facing a change of placement because of his behaviorHow would our IEP team arrive at it s Manifestation determination decision?1. Collect and consider relevant information regarding the incident.         -interview involved parties         -interview witnesses         -gather other evidence (e.g., items, videotapes, police reports, etc.)2. Review relevant information already gathered:         -evaluation/observation results         -data gathered by teachers/evaluators         -other information in student s folder The IEP team must then answer four questions: 1.2.3.4. 1. Were the services, goals, strategies, and placements identified in the IEP appropriate?2. If so, were the components/requirements of the IEP provided and implemented as  written? 3. Did the disability impair the student s ability to comprehend the impact and consequences of his/her behavior?or4. Did the student s disability impair his/her ability to control his/her behavior in the situation in question? ANALYSIS OF THE FOUR QUESTIONS If the answer to question(s) 1 and/or 2 are no , the blame falls on the school.  They may  however, designate a more restrictive placement for the student.If the answers to questions 1&2 are yes and the answers to questions 3&4 are no ,    there is NO manifestation of the disability (the behavior was not a result of the disability).     The student is subject to the same discipline as used for non-disabled students.  Those      who receive services under section 504 (of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973) or ADA      (Americans with Disabilities Act), but NOT IDEA 97, may be expelled and denied special education services.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14982
I have a son in special ed and he use to  act that way  but the school he goes to really worked with him. I suggest sitting down with his teachers,  school Counciler and Principal and talking about alternative punishments that might work. they may not know how to deal with them after all you are his parent you know him better then anyone else.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18591
adhd is a myth its an excuse used to explain away bad behaviour
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60396
The reason he is being punished is because no one has set up an appropriate IEP for him. I would suggest calling an emergency IEP meeting, stating the exact incidences that are leading to punishment and ask for alternatives.Ask the schoolwhat they can do to support him staying on task. They should develop a ladder of supports, starting with keeping him on task, reward system, and then what to do if he just absolutely cannot stay on task. Same for taking supplies to class. He needs a checklist and a reminder from teachers for taking the correct items. HE needs to be allowed to go back and get things at least once if he forgets. The teacher should keep back up supplies for him to borrow. As for not treating with respect, that s very typical of aspergers rather than adhd (which are often misdiagnosed as each other) It seems odd that he s having that problem as a manifestation, and I doubt that you ll get the school to agree that it is one for adhd. If you can, then usually kids with IEP s have statements like Will receive social skills training weekly with a trained professional, will receive prompts from teachers for appropriate interactions, will instigate appropriate social interaction three times daily with prompt and reward Good luck, fighting for appropriate supports and systems is very time consuming and hard. You just have to be up there every day until it s settled.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60397
Not correct.  Disrespecting peers and teachers is NOT a manifestation of Attention Deficits, Hyperactivity Deficits, or Depression.  Furthermore, should your child continue to be disciplined for the same behaviors, he can be expelled from the district.  What you can do about it is discipline YOUR child at home when he gets in trouble for disrespecting his peers and teachers.  Getting angry with the school instead of your child sends a message to your child that it s OK to keep on acting the same way.

QUESTION ID: 1ZTWIQV3CHJKGM2
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can a male penis be enlarged in legnth and width safely?
QUESTION CONTENT: Can a male penis be enlarged safely at a later age? In terms of healthy and safe enlargement? How soon and what is the procedure called?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79066
truth be told, I have researched this before and found some answers that are not very encouraging. For one, everything that is ever emailed to you about enlarging the penis is complete BS. There is no medicinal way to lengthen or widen the penis. The only EFFECTIVE method of doing this is through surgery. Lengthening the penis requires that the suspensory ligament be severed from the pubic bone. This inturn will allow more of the penis to hang down and become exposed. This is due to the fact that approx 50% of the penis is hidden inside of the body. The second procedure for widening the penis, uses dermal matrix skin grafts  (layers of cadaver skin grafts) to build up extra girth around the penis. This layering is done until the desired or maximum sustainable girth is reached. Both of these procedures have been marked by complications and are not recomonded or endorsed by any official medical association. Together both procedures cost roughly $10,000. They are usually performed at the same time under general anestesia. Probably the most reputable surgeon is practicing out of beverly hills. Go to BeverlyHillssurgical.com or google it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27244
For safe and permanent gains, use a medical traction device such as the Andro Penis. This device can be used by a man of any age, with equal results according to the study below. This method is based on using traction to permanently expand the blood-carrying chambers (the largest being the corpus cavernosa) of the penis.Use the Andro Penis device 4-9 hours per day for 3-6 months. You will have time-linear flaccid and erect gains. The flaccid gains appear first. The Andro is primarily a length gainer, and secondly a girth gainer. If you want to incorporate more girth gains, then I would recommend additional using a PowerJelq device for 10-15 minutes per day.I ve gained permanently 1.75 length and 1 girth since June 2005 through the use of an Andro Penis medical traction device and PowerJelq for exercises. Try it, and you will be happy to see serious gains after 3-6 months usage.

QUESTION ID: 211PV1O4LI8FCFJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: I want to reduce my blood pressure to 120/80. Without medicine How i can do?
QUESTION CONTENT: my B.P is always showing 150/100. is it dangerous? Pls tell me how to make normal without medicine? if we take one time medicine , is it compulsary to continue lifelong?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12943
Cut ot or down on salt, low fat diet, exercise every day, that should do the trick, also less stress if possible
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12944
eat lesssalt,more water and garlic or garlic powder
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82707
easyread and falow tthe  leaders in teh fieldfor 26 years
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82708
yes salt: after i moved to another town the mineral content in the water was high enough to cause my blood pressure to rise. i never have high blood pressure. i switch to distilled water and now i have a distiller and my bloodpressure dropped 15-20 points.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82709
I have done  a lot of reading on blood presure, diabetes and heart diseases.  In my opinion, and I am also not a doctor, from everything I have read the bottom line is the food you are consuming.  Defintitely read labels,   I am sure there is a web site you could go to to find a diet to reduce blood pressure, you will be amazed at the results when you change your diet especially regarding blood pressure and diabetes.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82710
According to the American Heart Association s recommendations, people with high blood pressure should do three things:1. Follow their healthcare provider s instructions. 2. Stay on their medication. 3. Make lifestyle changes. What about diet and lifestyle changes?These changes help control high blood pressure. Before drugs are prescribed, these are often recommended for people with mildly elevated blood pressure.The American Heart Association Nutrition Committee says that to maximize the beneficial effects of a healthy diet on blood pressure,Don t eat a lot of sodium (salt). Eat plenty of fruits and vegetables, and fat-free and low-fat dairy products. Such diets are rich in potassium, calcium, magnesium and protein, and low in total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol.Some people with mild high blood pressure can lower their blood pressure by reducing sodium (salt) in their diet. This means avoiding salty foods and cutting down on salt in cooking and at the table.Drinking too much alcohol (more than one ounce of pure alcohol, or two drinks per day) raises blood pressure in some people and should be restricted. Alcoholic drinks are high in non-nutritious calories, so if you re trying to lose weight, don t drink alcohol.Many people who have high blood pressure are also overweight. If you re overweight or have gained weight over time, you ll be advised to cut down on calories and increase physical activity to lose weight. Your doctor can prescribe a diet that s right foryou. Follow it closely, including any recommendations about reducing how much alcohol you drink. When people lose weight, their blood pressure often drops, too.Physical inactivity is a risk factor for heart disease. An inactive lifestyle also tends to contribute to obesity, a risk factor for both high blood pressure and heart disease. Regular physical activity helps control weight and lower blood pressure. Don t be afraid to be active ??? you should exercise daily. You ll help lower your risk of heart attack and stroke. And regular physical activity can also help you lose weight or maintain a healthy weight.For some people, weight loss, sodium (salt) reduction and other lifestyle changes won t lower high blood pressure as much as needed. If that s true for you, you ll probably need medication. People with high blood pressure should also quit smoking because smoking greatly increases the risk of heart disease.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89455
Maintaining Blood Pressure is Important for Good HealthHigh Blood Pressure InformationHealth Information Library   Cardiovascular Health        High Blood Pressure And Heart Disease  hy is it so important to keep your blood pressure under control? When blood pressure becomes elevated, over time it causes adverse effects to the heart, vessels, brain, and kidneys, says Ronald Pack, M.D., a specialist in internal medicine. Left untreated, therisk of kidney failure, stroke, and heart disease greatly increases. Blood pressure is the amount of force created as the heart pumps blood, moving it through the arteries. For some people, their blood pressure registers at an elevated level, a condition known as hypertension or high blood pressure.High blood pressure is called the silent killer because usually there are no symptoms to alert sufferers of the disease. A number of factors play a role in the development of the disease, however. They include:family historybeing overweightinactive lifestylehigh cholesterol levelssmokingage, gender, and racediabetespregnancyMeasurement of blood pressure involves a quick and simple procedure that can be done in your doctor s office, at home, health screenings, or a neighborhood drugstore. Readings of systolic and diastolic pressure are taken with a special gauge and a stethoscope. A reading of 120/80 (systolic/diastolic) or lower is considered normal and optimal. If your blood pressure measures 140/90 or higher consistently, you may have hypertension and should see your doctor for complete diagnosis. If blood pressure is persistently elevated to 140/90 or higher, it is time to consider treatment, Dr. Pack explains. The risks are there even at 130/85, though they are small. Diagnosis of hypertension involves recording and monitoring your blood pressure over time to discover a pattern of elevated measurements. Once diagnosed with hypertension, you must work with your doctor to determine the best treatment. Depending on the severity of your hypertension, several options are available. If drug therapy is deemed necessary, you may have to try more than one type of medication to evaluate the effectiveness and susceptibility to side effects.Treatments your doctor may recommend include:diet modifications, including avoidance of alcohol and foods high in fat and sodiumexercisestress managementweight lossmedicationIf you have high blood pressure, the most important things you can do for your health are to follow the advice of your doctor and stay on your medication even if you are feeling fine. Treating high blood pressure can prevent other diseases, health problems, and even death, Dr. Pack says. For more information, contact your primary care physician.

QUESTION ID: 24CI0VN1U5R4KVH
QUESTION SUBJECT: What is the reason behind premature ejaculations and how to get around it?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73854
What is premature ejaculation?Premature ejaculation is the inability to delay ejaculation till the man wishes or when ejaculation occurs too early in the sexual act to satisfy both partners. The time to reach the stage of ejaculation is subjective and varies form one man to another. Some men may ejaculate immediately after copulation begins while another may not ejaculate even after 10 minutes. Thus, time is not a criterion for ascertaining whether the ejaculation is premature or not; mutual satisfaction is the benchmark against which this condition is measured.What is the cause?Premature ejaculation primarily has a physiological basis. Biologically, men have an orgasm approximately 2-3 minutes after penetrating the vagina. Women, on the other hand, typically take more time to reach the climax. Since in most cases, the partners may not climax together, they are not satisfied and the ejaculation is termed premature. However, premature ejaculation may be caused by a variety of psychological and social reasons. It is seen that it occurs frequently when the man is under mental stress or anxiety. Anxiety may be due to the fear of non-performance, the fear of being discovered (as during premarital or extramarital sex in our society)or anxiety related to contraction of sexually transmitted diseases or an unwanted pregnancy.Though men of all ages may experience the condition, it is more common in adolescents, young adults and inexperienced men. However, it is also true that almost all men experience it at some point in their lives. Premature ejaculation is one of the most common sexual problems for which couples seek advice. The result of treatment is often successful.What are the symptoms?Since premature ejaculation is not a disease, it does not have the classic symptoms . An individual realizes that he is suffering from it when sexual intercourse ends before either partner is completely satisfied. It is diagnosed by a physical examination, in addition to interviews with the couple regarding their relationship.What is the treatment?In some cases, the problem can be solved simply by educating an individual about the condition and reassuring him. Counselling is provided by psychologists that helps a man to deal with his fears and anxieties and, thus, eliminate the psychological causes of the condition. The following techniques may be beneficial in delaying ejaculation:   1. The stop and start method ??? in this method, the man learns to recognise the stage after which he cannot control ejaculation. The treatment method trains the person to remove the stimulus just before that stage is reached so that the urge to ejaculate is controlled. For example, when during masturbation, the man reaches a point just before ejaculating, he stops the stimulus until he starts losing the erection. Once the stage is past, he can resume the activity. This process is repeated again and again until the individual is able to delay ejaculation till the time he wishes. This method called the Masters and Johnson method , is most effective when the help of the partner is sought during actual intercourse.   2. The squeeze technique ??? in this method, the partner gently squeezes the tip or base of the penis just before the point of ejaculation thereby cancelling the orgasm. This process can be continued until the couple decides mutually to reach the climax.   3. Desensitising creams and gels are available in the market that reduce the sensitivity of the penis and help men reach climax later. Some men also feel that condoms reduce the sensations and, in addition to providing safer sex, help them last longer.   4. The couple can also experiment with sexual positions as some positions offer more control than others and may help to delay ejaculation.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22506
The reason is you re too excited. There s nothing wrong with that. There are three solutions. 1) Have more sex. Eventually it won t be quite as exciting and you ll be able to last longer. Try to have more than one orgasm. 2) Close your eyes and think of something completely unsexy. Totally ignore what you are doing (the least fun solution). 3) If you re comfortable with the person, tell them what s up and stop before you get too excited, then start and stop as long as you need to to extend it (the hardest solution).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22507
Sometimes people focus on the destination rather then the journey.Think it all the way through and decide what part of pleasuring yourself is really your favorit. Who says it has to be all about the big O.

QUESTION ID: 25SGXGWSQJDAGKQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: What is the reason Scots and Irish are disliked by the British?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 24422
the scots are british and so are the northern irish I think you mean the english. Generally speaking the english have no real animosity towards the scots although a vocal minority of generally ignorant scots have a dislike of england and the english, going back in history the scots were defeated by the english in various battles and no doubt were treated badly, edward wasnt called the hammer of the scots for nothing but the scots carried out many murderous raids into england and a lot of harsh treatment was in retalliation.An amusing thing is that most lowland scots are descended from english settlers and they are the most anti english, the highland scots, the real scots are pretty ambivelant towards the english. The northern irish people were sent to england during the highland clearances from scotland thats why they dont consider themselves irish, they consider themselves british and have been in northern ireland longer than white people have been in america, thats why they will always resist a united ireland and being ruled over by the south, you could argue that this is an artificial border but except where a coast is involved arnt they all? As to why the southern irish dont like the english its too involved to go in to, no doubt atrocities have been committed in the past by both sides but you cant look at history through todays eyes, it was brutal in the past look at the treatment of american indians or aborigines it was accepted at the time.I would just say that the english are probably the most wecoming people in the world, I dont think they hate any race particularly and with such alot of immigration theres relatively little trouble  and im welsh by the way
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75748
Historically speaking, England beat the c--p out of anyone they could. I am English, Scotts-Irish and wElsh  .  (go see Braveheart)  Also during part of the Hundred years  war the King kicked a large numb er of Jews out of England AFTER they had helped finance his war.  Honestly when it came to greed and domination, England (through their Kings)beat upon anyone they could, mostly for financial gain, but sometimes for power
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75749
Read James Webb s Born Fighting , a history of the Scots - Irish . It would provide alot of insight into your question.

QUESTION ID: 25TN36MRVA15AHQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the force stronger than when the umbrella is tipped forward?
QUESTION CONTENT: If you accidentally tip the umbrella backward, so that the inner surface of its dome is exposed to the wind, the wind push the umbrella backward hard.Why is the force stronger than when the umbrella is tipped forward?Could someone please explain it to me.....
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3379
In, simple terms....When the umbrella is tipped backward, the area of the umbrella acts like a parachute, a kind of container for the wind falling and pushing against it, so it exerts a greater force.But, when it is tipped forward, its like a sharp tip at front and curves out gradually like the front of an airplane, or a bit like a dull knife in simple geometrical terms... so it plunges through the wind, the air molecules just pass over it and don t get trapped anywhere in the umbrella and as they can t hit anything, they can t exert a strong force on it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61320
The in-depth answer involves aerodynamics and very difficult calculations, which I don t even know. So for your and my sake I ll keep it simple. You can imagine the air to be a stream of particles (which it is in fact) that exerts a pressure on your umbrella. If the umbrella is with the tip towards the wind, the particles of air simple roll over the surface of your umbrella away from the tip. The particles don t accumulate and the net pressure of the wind stays more or less constant. However if the inner dome is exposed to the wind, the particles can t roll away from your umbrella and accumulate inside the dome, so the pressure of the particles increases as more particles get inside of the dome. Since the pressure rises, the force that the winds exerts on your umbrella rises. You can imagine this as when you have a bucket and small streaming water. If the bucket is with the closed side towards the source of the river, you feel a much lesser force than when you need to fill the bucket.I hope this answers it :-)Grtz.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61321
Force  = Area * Velocity^2 *  air density/2.  The velocity component of the wind perpendicular to the umbrella surface  should be used for this calculation.  Assuming you have a umbrella half closed, making a 45degree with respect to the wind, you will have F = A*(velocity*cosine45)^2 * air density/2.  If somehow, the umbrella is tipped over, then wind velocity component at once entirely perpendicular to the umbrellar surface, making the effective force much greater, with the loss of cosine45^2.In fluid mechanics, to desicribe situation like this, they incorporate effective area.  Thus, you might say, when you tipped over umbrellar, the effective area suddenly increased due to the change in shape of the object being forced by the wind.

QUESTION ID: 25TNE30V25OAZVO
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why choose homeschooling?
QUESTION CONTENT: This question is mainly for parents that have decided to homeschool their children. What was your reasoning for homeschooling?What do you think your child can gain from homeschooling that they can t get at a public or even private school?Was your child previously enrolled in a public school but you took them out to homeschool them?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 14254
Wow. ATL Finest s bad grammar did not make a good argument for public schools, did it? I am rather neutral about homeschooling, so I might be able to provide a semi-objective view on the subject. Here are some pros and cons for homeschooling:Homeschooling Pros:-Control of the agenda. You know what your kid is going to learn. Some public and private schools provide excellent education for kids, but some do not. Homeschooling your child makes it so you know what they are getting. -Control of the environment. No bullies, bad cafeteria food, goof-off kids sitting next to you, etc. If the parent instills discipline and doesn t let their kid goof off too much, they have a better ability to attain knowledge without distraction.-Your kid can learn at their own pace and get more special attention where necessary. A lot of homeschool kids learn specific topics more indepth better than public school kids. For example, a lot of homeschool kids are making waves in the National Spelling Bee, because they have more individual help with their spelling skills than public and private school children. -Children do not have to fight for attention with other kids. A lot of schools are poorly staffed, and the teachers cannot give enough attention to each student. -Safety issues, although I think this issue is over-stated. Short of locking your kid up in their room all their life, you cannot protect your kid from everything. Schools, generally speaking, are no more dangerous than walking outside somewhere. The media makes public schools seem worse than they really are. That said, you know where your kid is when you have them home, so it is one less thing to worry about. Homeschooling Cons: -Lack of social interaction that is a key component to learning how to exist in the outside world. Homeschool kids do not learn team work or social skills as well as kids in regular schools. Like it or not, in the real world as adults, your kids will be exposed to different kinds of people and will have to deal with them. School is an experience that better prepares them for this.-A LOT of parents are NOT qualified to teach all subjects. You risk your kids having deficiencies in areas where the parent is weak. A parent who is going to homeschool had better make sure they know what they are doing. -Kids are not as well prepared for classroom environment when they go to college and the pressure that is involved. A lot of homeschooled kids go into college with a better knowledge base than other kids, but are quickly overwhelmed by the environment because they are not used to learning in a public forum. They are less attuned to different points of view, and are easily stressed out or quick to get involved in bad crowds. I ve been involved in higher education for 8 years, and I have seen this a lot. That said, a lot of these cons can be overcome. A lot of homeschooled kids are still involved in extracurricular activities. They learn at home, butstill go out for sports or debate or other activities that help them learn the social skills they need. A good parent who homeschools will make sure their child is involved in the community so they will be better prepared to exist in that community when they grow up. If a parent is well-versed in school curriculum, then there is really no reason not to homeschool your kid if you have the resources to do it. It is definitely not for everybody, but for the right person with the right kid, then why not?p.s. I should also add that I, personally, think a public school is the best way to educate a kid... provided it is a decent public school. All public schools are not created equal, unfortunately. Everyone is biased in one way or another. I just thought it fair that I reveal own bias!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20021
homeschooling is beneficial because the child learns at its own pace and time. also it teaches them responsibility and mostly self-motivation. i think its better than public school because its at a safe environment and your child can t get involved in bad influences.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40869
Why do people choose public schools? They don t, they just do what s expected of them! I chose homeschool after observing my children in public schools and realizing, as John Stossel did, that most schools are dumbing us down !We chose homeschooling after several years of unsuccessful advocacy in our local public schools. Everyone thinks they are great (actually one of the top districts in the state), but it s because they weren t in the schools as frequently or as long as I was. Seriously, every parent should spend a few hours a few days a week in their kids school, volunteering and observing. I could guarantee you d be shocked.Even if you don t have an abusive teacher, or one that just doesn t know how to teach, you have  teacher who spends a majority of her time maintaining control and handing out discipline. For the teachers that don t, nearly a third of students are left behind because they either 1) don t understand the instructions or 2) are being distracted by bullies or class clowns. There is very little teaching being done, very little appropriate social interaction, and I was not happy. Kids only have one childhood, and I didn t want to see my kids miserable, or even worse, placated to the point that they didn t CARE about where they were or what people were telling them to do.I KNOW what my kids are gaining, independence, self-confidence, happiness, and a world of knowledge that will never be touched because it doesn t fit inside the box of curriculum that the school ordered from a hidden committee who ve never MET my children, don t KNOW their interests, and have no idea how to TEACH them.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40870
Sometimes it isn t a choice. Children who live in isolated areas often have no other option but home schooling. Sometimes the choice is made because public school curricula doesn t match with parental beliefs, or because the emphasis is not where they think it is. Other times it is  because the child has special needs. That doesn t always mean they have problems. It can mean they are gifted in art, in athletics, in music, or whatever, and there is no school with a flexible enough timetable to allow them the time they need for training. And sometimes parents home school because with home schooling you can cover the curriculum material so much more quickly (when you only have one student, that student doens t have to wait while you work with four others who are having problems, before going on to the next thing on the agenda) and the parent and child have more time to spend together. School work can be completed in a morning in home schooling situations. That gives the parent and child their afternoons free to go to science world, museums, special events etc or just hang out together. Too many parents don t have time to spend with their children because both parents work, household chores have to be taken care of in the evening and weekend hours, and there isn t much left for the kids except basic maintenance.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40871
The initial reason homeschooling came to mind was because I didn t like the social scene at school. I was teaching elementary, had a good class, but it all just seemed so... wrong. These kids, all the same age, together for hours each day with little mature guidance for social behaviours because they were pretty much left on their own during recess and if they were working in groups, there s no way you can know what s going on all the time. It just struck me that a lot of the kids would have been better off being with their parents more. (Admittedly, some would have been worse off.) My dh teaches jr. high and had decided in our dd s babyhood that he really didn t want her subjected to that kind of full-time advertising (clothes, language, make-up, hair, attitudes, interests...)Being a teachers and seeing how it s a one-size-fits-all situation, educational reasons added to our thoughts. With a child who had already begun reading and doing basic math at 3 and pitiful excuses for advanced learners in the schools here, it just seemed insane to put her into a regular program (actually, the only choice we would really have since her first language is French and the francophone schools here do not have gifted programs). But also realizing the flexibility we would have with her education, being able to really meet her needs and interests--something we would have loved to be able to do in the classroom for all students but can t because you have to follow government-mandated curriculum.Something that added on after we started homeschooling was the family benefits. Our kids are close to each other and to us. We really like that we are the ones raising them during their early childhood.What do I think they will gain? An education tailored to them. A positive environment in which to grow up instead of what goes on in school. A childhood with less advertisements for specific clothes, music, electronics, watch certain movies, shows, etc. A childhood with less focus on being better than everyone else (or worried about being worse than everybody else). Basically, a chance to grow up with some sense of self rather than being so focused on acceptance by same-age peers. I also think my children will gain a more mature insight since they have more adult contact than children in school. They will also enjoy being friends with each other, which is usually mightily looked down upon at school. Not only that, they actually have time to spend together instead of rushing in the morning under stress to get to school, then having homework and supper and little time after that to actually do things together.You can NOT get any of this at a public or private school! The closest thing to a tailored education and multi-age growing up would be Montessori or Sudbury Valley. It would still take away the family unity.And no, my children were never in public school.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68671
Kids learn to function in society in a regular school.  They learn about people of different races and opinions.  You can t keep your kids living with you all your life.  Part of being a good parent is teaching your kids to survive in the real world.  They can t do that being home schooled. 

QUESTION ID: 25YT6XH2LZ46GWI
QUESTION SUBJECT: i am an anti social person how do i overcome it?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22427
I think you should start bysaying Hi to people.  That breaks the ice.  As you talk to people, don t think about how you disagree, think of ways you agree with people, or how you are glad they are talking with you.  I do believe good thoughts or bad thoughts are sometimes as much habit as not.  I used to get mad at other drivers while I was on my way to work.  One day, I just decided I won t get mad.  It worked!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22428
Are you truly anti-social or are you simply introverted?  If you are anti-social, you should consult a psychiatrist for help.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AntisocialHowever, if you are simply introverted (e.g., a personality trait indicated in Myers-Briggs personality typing) there is nothing to overcome. Introversion is a trait of approximately one-third of all people.  However, because extroversion is more common and (by definition) extroverts are more vocal, society often places pressure on introverts to behave more extroverted.  That is, if you don t like going to parties, surrounding yourself with people, or prefer a reading or solitary activities, many people conclude something is wrong with you.Introversion is not entirely about being social.  Many introverts have no problems being social.  Introversion is more about being internally focused as opposed to externally.  That is, to generalize, introverts think something through, then speak.  Extroverts speak in order to think something through (they think out loud).  Introverts get frustrated by extroverts who speak without having thought things through.  They also tend to be frustrated that when they speak, no one gives them due consideration (other extroverts simply assume the introvert is thinking out loud, too).Introverts are recharged by solitary activities, or activities involving few people.  Extroverts are energized by social interaction.  After being at a party for an hour, the introvert is drained and ready to go home, or maybe retire to a quiet place with a few close friends.  The extroverts are just getting warmed up.  Introverts have a few friends and lots of acquaintences whereas extroverts have lots of friends but few are close.For more information do a Yahoo search on Myers-Briggs personality typing or read Keirsey s book called Please Understand Me. There s also a good book specificly on introversion called The Introvert Advantage. I haven t read it, but Amazon.com also has a book called Sales for Introverts or something like that.  I imagine it discusses more about being an introvert in an extroverted world (sales).Bottom line, if you re anti-social, you need psychiatric treatment.  If you re introverted, you re normal.  However, it does behoove you to learn to interact in a primarily extroverted world.  If you have significant difficulties, a psychologist can help you overcome them.  But if you re relatively normal and just trying to fit in, try embracing your personality before adapting it.  Trying to force yourself to be an extrovert will probably only frustrate you.

QUESTION ID: 271E63DMBIEVMCC
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25518
Thats because the light which comes fromt the sun passes through the air, the light scatters and divides into many. The colors which will have high frequency will be visible for the longer distance. In this case, violet, indigo and blue are the ones that hav high frequency. The color of the sky which is sky blue, is a mix of violet, indigo and blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25519
the reflection of the sun shining through the water droplets in the sky.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25520
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground.  If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25521
STOP IT!!!9th today
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25522
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.

QUESTION ID: 274ILQWI2GCCVVI
QUESTION SUBJECT: who won the home run durby from 1975-2005 and how many homerund did they have?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75353
2005- Bobby Abreu, Philadelphia, 41 home runs2004 Miguel Tejada Baltimore 27 home runs2003 Garret Anderson 22 home runs California 2002  Jason Giambi 24 home runs New York 2001  Luis Gonzalez Arizona 16 home runs  2000 Sammy sosa 26 home runs1999 ken griffey jr. 16 home runs1998 ken griffey jr. 19 home runs1997 Tino Martinez 16 home runs1996 Barry Bonds 17 home runs1995 Frank thomas 15 home runs1994 Ken griffey jr. 7 home runs1993 Juan gonzalez 7 home runs1992 Mark McGwire 12 home runs1991 Cal ripken jr 12 home runs1990 ryne sandberg 3 home runs1989 Eric Davis 3 home runs1988 Cancelled due to rain1987 Andre Dawson 4 home runs1986 Wally joyner and darryl strawberry 4 home runs1985 Dave Parker 6 home runs
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24060
it hasn t been around that long, only since 198505-abreu04- tejada03- anderson02- giambi01- L Gonzalez00- Sosa99- griffey98- griffey97- t. martinez96- bonds95- f. thomas94- griffey93- j. gonzalez92- m. mcguire91- ripken90- sandberg89- davis88- cancelled due to rain87- Dawson86- Joyner85- Parkerbe sure to notice the overwhelming number of cubs players.  go cubs baby!

QUESTION ID: 27HU50HU4DFJVPJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how would you integrate 1/(25 + x^2)?
QUESTION CONTENT: Ok, in the book, it says the first step is to let u = x/5. What the heck? where does x/5 come from?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3858
The way to integrate functions with an irreducible quadratic in the denominator is to try to get them into the form k/(x?? + 1), where k is a constant. Then use the fact that the derivative of arctan x is 1/(x?? + 1). So, how do we do this? Well, first we extract a factor of 1/25 from the denominator, leaving us with:1/25 ???1/(1 + (x/5)??) dxAt which point it should be obvious why the u-substitution will work. Completing the problem:u = x/5, 5u = x, dx = 5 du:1/5 ???1/(1 + u??) du1/5 arctan u + C1/5 arctan (x/5) + CAnd we are done.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3859
I don t know =P.-----Int 1 / (25 + x^2) dxLet x = 5tan udx = 5sec^2 u du Int sec^2 u / (25 + (5tan u)^2) duInt sec^2 u / (25 + 25tan^2 u) duInt sec^2 u / [ 25(1 + tan^2 u)]duInt sec^2 u / [ 25(sec^2 u)]duInt 1 / 25 du u / 25 + Cu = arctan (x / 5)ANS:  [ arctan (x / 5)]/ 25 + C-----Left out the 5 in the substitution. Pascal won T-T.

QUESTION ID: 2AERBUHYUSX1LQ5
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you know you have asthma?
QUESTION CONTENT: Sometimes I have a feeling of my trachea closing up like I won t be able to take a breath but then it goes away immediately. I do have allergies, and last night when I was dusting in my room it seemed to irritate my breathing a little with some coughing.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 67566
i went in a few years back to one of the local hospitals to do this test to see if i have asthma since my mom has had it for awhile and my older sister had it when she was a kid/teen...but it just turned out i have anxiety. you should definitely call the doctor about this...he or she will probably just do a few tests and possibly do what my doc did and send you to a specialist for it. i don t know what they re called...but what they do is you go in and sit on this chair and breathe in to this huge straw looking like thing....you have to blow as much as you can in a certain amount of time. and all this other stuff...it detects how much you can give out before you cant do it anymore, i guess. but it is possible it s asthma or it s just anxiety....it s more of a chance if someone else in your family has had it or have it now....here s a few things i pulled up on a self test for asthma (oh and i don t know if everybody does the test thing i did before..sorry when i was trying to explain it if it sounded confusing) for a asthma quiz you can go to these sites...http://www.asthma.com/do_i_have_asthma_quiz.htmlhttp://www.webmd.com/content/tools/1/quiz_asthmahttp://www.webmd.com/content/tools/1/quiz_asthma_symptoms.htmAsthma signs and symptoms can range from mild to severe. You may have only occasional asthma episodes with mild, short-lived symptoms such as wheezing. In between episodes you may feel normal and have no difficulty breathing. Some people with asthma have chronic coughing and wheezing punctuated by severe asthma attacks.Most asthma attacks are preceded by warning signs. Recognizing these warning signs and treating symptoms early can help prevent attacks or keep them from becoming worse.Warning signs and symptoms of asthma in adults may include:Increased shortness of breath or wheezing Disturbed sleep caused by shortness of breath, coughing or wheezing Chest tightness or pain Increased need to use bronchodilators ??? medications that open up airways by relaxing the surrounding muscles A fall in peak flow rates as measured by a peak flow meter, a simple and inexpensive device that allows you to monitor your own lung functionthere ya go! if you took the quizzes and it says you may have a chance you have it and the symptoms are what you have definitely go to the doctor. also, do a little research on it.i hope everything goes well for you!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21132
You have some positive signs of asthma and allergies.  You may want to be tested.   In my opinion, as a respiratory therapist, an allergist is the best asthma doctor above an ENT or pulmonologist.  Use this link to find an allergist in your area, (assuming you are in the US).http://www.aaaai.org/physref/

QUESTION ID: 2AN8K14DEDNQU04
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do get the integral of 1/(x+a)(x+b), assuming that a and b are two different constants?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2525
???1/((x+a)(x+b)) dxFirst, you can use the method of partial fractions to represent this as A/(x+a) + B/(x+b) for some constants A and B. We can determine these constants quite simply as follows:1/((x+a)(x+b)) = A/(x+a) + B/(x+b)1 = (x+b)A + (x+a)BEvaluating this at x=-a yields 1 = (b-a)A, so A = 1/(b-a). Likewise, evaluating this at x=-b yields 1 = (a-b)B, so B = 1/(a-b). Thus we have:1/((x+a)(x+b)) = (1/(b-a))/(x+a) + (1/(a-b))/(x+b)As may indeed be verified my multiplying out the fractions. Now integrating this:???(1/(b-a))/(x+a) + (1/(a-b))/(x+b) dx1/(b-a) ???1/(x+a) dx + 1/(a-b) ???1/(x+b) dx1/(b-a) ln |x+a| + 1/(a-b) ln |x+b| + CAnd we are done.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72426
???1/(x+a)(x+b) dx= [1/(a - b)]???[(x + a) - (x + b)]/ (x+a)(x+b) dx= [1/(a - b)][ ???1/(x + b) dx - ???1/(x + a) dx]= [1/(a - b)][ ln l x + b l - ln l x + a l]+ c= [1/(a - b)]ln l (x + b) / (x + a) l + c

QUESTION ID: 2DLJLSTNJDT2I12
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can i give my homeschooled child a standerize achievment test?
QUESTION CONTENT: how can i give my homeschooled child a standerize achievment test?and get the results back within 2 weeks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7823
Piedmont Educational Services sells many standardized tests you can administer to your child.The turnaround time may vary.In some states you can only order tests if you have a degree.  Some tests can only be ordered in multiple quantities.I am giving you a link below.  Click and find out which test is right for you based on the state to which the test will be shipped.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3882
Well, it s nearly impossible to get results back from any standardized (note proper spelling) test within two weeks.But if you have a bachelor s degree and/or a teaching certificate, you can go through BJUP for the ITBS (Iowa):http://www.bjupress.com/services/testing/There are a few others places HS ing families can do testing, but I m not familiar with them.  Hopefully someone who is can help.If your child is academically talented, you can also go through your area s talent search and have them take the SCAT, EXPLORE, or ACT&SAT much earlier.http://cty.jhu.edu/http://www.ctd.northwestern.edu/  (This is the one we use.)http://www.admissions.uci.edu/ats/http://www.du.edu/city/programs/academic-year-programs/rocky-mountain-talent-search/http://www.tip.duke.edu/talent_searches/There is also a site where you can do academic testing (not an all-encompassing standardized test) for $20 for each test and you receive the results right away:http://www.letsgolearn.com/lglsite/homeschool/My son has done their reading assessment and it was spot on compared to his public school testing (we were HS ing but they did achievement and IQ testing for free).

QUESTION ID: 2E1AT26SK8OH16J
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you overcome panic attacks? I ve struggled with them for years.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75010
I have had panic attacks also. I would highly recommend trying several natural strategies before doing any prescription medication. There is a great book called Natural Relief for Anxiety: Complementary Strategies for Easing Fear, Panic&Worry that outlines various strategies.First, one of the most immediate things you can do is to cut out caffeine, alcohol, cigarettes and any drugs. These things obviously disrupt any physical and mental balances.Second, exercise exercise exercise. There is a lot of scientific data that says *vigorous* exercise can really be the most effective way to clean up your head and also strengthen your heart. Regular exercise (I recommend swimming as the most effective) will definitely strengthen your heart, put your blood pressure at normal levels and reduce any sensations of heart palpitations that are associated with panic attacks.Third, take at least 2 hours per day to relax/meditate. I would recommend a combination of yoga, a soak in a hot bath or hot tub and a nap in quiet room with nothing but candles, very soft relaxing music. Turn off the phone, turn off the lights, lock the doors, just relax, breath, meditate. If you can afford massage, I think that is a way to complement this relaxation time.Fourth, when you actually have a panic attack, try this very simple strategy. First say to yourself over and over Everything is fine, it s just a panic attack. People have them everyday. It s uncomfortable but it will pass very soon. As you repeat this to yourself, breathe in very deeply and very slowly ... breath in for 4-5 seconds, hold for 4-5 seconds and release for 4-5 seconds. Do this sequence 20 times in a row. It will quickly reduce your heart rate and increase oxygen flow to your brain which in turns increases your rationality, thereby reducing your irrationality (the panic).Fifth, read the book I recommend. There are some special diet stratgies, possible food allergies that could be involved and vitamin/mineral supplements that can help you.Sixth, find a therapist that specializes in anxiety/panic disorders. You will need to find out what is the root cause of your panic ... that is, what exactly are you so afraid of? People do conquer panic attacks. You can do it!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75011
I have not had a panic attack in four years.  Where counseling and drugs failed, information worked.  I took a college class on abnormal psychology, and that helped me objectify panic attacks as biological overreactions that had nothing to do with who was really me.  I sincerely hope this helps!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82923
meditate

QUESTION ID: 2E84SDJYUWGBPHE
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people insist that diabetes is always as a result of consuming too much sugar and being overweight?
QUESTION CONTENT: At the time I was diagnosed I was not overweight, did not consume vast amounts of sugar, sugary foods, fat or junk foods. I ate, as I always have, and still do, a healthy, balanced diet based on wholefoods, fruit and vegetables.  I have never smoked and walked at least 5 miles 6 days a week.I have type 2, and was aged 56 when diagnosed.  It is very well controlled, with none of the associated complications.I am taking tablets and not insulin.In response to some answers, I am not aware of any blood relatives with diabetes.I had been going through a time of severe stress for a while and when diagnosed my then doctor thought that may have been the trigger, something had to give .When I walk I build up a good steady pace, even uphill.  I used to walk to and from work, each way took about 35 to 40 mins. depending on the weather.  I walk or cycle now as much as I can.The tablets I take are metformin and rosiglitazone combined and on low dosage.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 40608
because people who think they know it all dont...they re all ignorant and uneducated....they dont realize that anyone can get any type of disease no matter how healthy you may be...they thinkoh i cant get diabetes im not overweight and i dont eat alot of sugar...WRONG...same thing kind of happend to me...im not overweight and i never ate alot of sugar but i still ended up with type 1(and yes i know theres a difference) people just assume that because you have diabetes that youre overweight or that you were overweight...and they re wrong.......sorry for my rambling!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13115
I know some very skinny people with diabetes. It s just that their bodies are unable to process sugar the way my body would. It could begenetic.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40609
The Cause Of Diabetes Type 2.Also known as non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, adult-onset diabetes, maturity-onset diabetes, ketosis-resistant diabetes, and stable diabetes.This is the type that affects 90% of diabetics. It is an ever expanding disease and is now thought to affect around 4% of the world population. In some countries the number of people aged 45 and over who have Type 2 diabetes is as high as 20%.The modern trend to emphasise solely the role of obesity and inactivity in this type of diabetes has led to the belief by many non-diabetics that having this disease is your own fault, you needed to have eaten less and exercised more. This can make many a Type 2 want to scream with frustration, especially as they watch those same people devour huge quantities of forbidden foods while lolling around viewing the next sport fixture. If what they thought held true they would soon be joining you in your battle to cope with this disease, but they don t - so why not?That is because the causes of Type 2 diabetes are not that simple. There is a complicated weave of factors that play a role. Listed below are some of the most important:-1. Genetics2. Defective hormonal secretions. 3. Insulin abnormalities - insulin resistance and subsequent overproduction leading to beta cell wear out .4. Environment.5. Increased glucose production by the liver.6. Sedentary lifestyle.7. Visceral obesity
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40610
I m type 2 and it seems that people would rather believe Great Aunt Gertie who can barely write her name rather than medically qualified experts.  Theres a lot of ignorance around!!  To prove my point....I asked a question a while back about going hypo when it was cold (I was at the time on medication to control my diabetes) and some expert Yahoo Answerer told me I couldn t go hypo if I wasn t on insulin!  It worries me sometimes that these idiots could be believed!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40611
I know what you re talking about. My husband was diagnosed with type two diabetes when he was in his fifties. He was  fit, slim and  very healthy. No matter how he tried to control it, he has ended up on insulin. After going on insulin he has put on a tremendous amount of weight.  No, he has a poor appetite, before anyone says that he overeats, and he eats healthily.besnugg get your facts right, the truth is it is not always hereditary. They  did an experiment some years ago with some aborigines who were given a western diet, most of them ended up with diabetes. When put back into their own environment they were fine with no sign of diabetes. I wish you good health.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40612
What people? When my mother became diabetic in the sixties, I quit adding sugar to cereal, avoided candy, and generally avoided sweets because her knucklehead doctor told her that s why she became diabetic. Type two diabetes occurs in folks who are genetically predisposed to it. It is precipitated by poor diet, lack of exercise, and poor weight management. Not necessarily all of those, but each has it s own contribution to the probability of getting it. You are one of the very small minority of folks who became diabetic without the precipitating factors. It may interest you to know that milk has been implicated in insulin resistance (the precursor to type 2) as have certain other fats. I certainly don t insist that sugar causes it. I will, however, continue to insist that obesity, poor diet, and lack of exercise will increase your chances of getting type 2 tremendously. The facts supporting this are staggering. If you know someone that still insists that sugar causes diabetes, show them this....http://www.geocities.com/seabulls69/Type_II_Diabetes.htmlor this:http://www.drmcdougall.com/misc/2006nl/sept/sugar.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40613
Having a diabetes millitus is not just by consuming too much of sugar and fat...also carbohydrates, cause carbohydrates will turn into simple sugars like, maltose, lactose, fructose, galactose and glucose..and too much of that can cause diabetes..I will give to you how Carbohyrates will be digested...                            CARBOHYDRATE DIGESTION                                               ENZYME               SITE OF ACTION  STARCH                         salivary amylase                    mouth         !dextrin dissacharide -      pancreatic amylase                 stomachDissacharide            -       intestinal enzymes                    small           !                           (maltose, lactose, fructose)        intestine                 !Glucose, Galactose,  and these are the siple sugars and the Villi s will now absove it..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85995
Because people are ignorant of this condition. My fiancee has diabetis (type II) too, and if you were to look at him, you would think that he was one of the healthiest men in the world. Sigh, it s very frustrating for him, and for you, I am sure. I hope that you have been able to keep it under control and will soon be able to reduce (or even eliminate) your dependancy on insulin.

QUESTION ID: 2FP1ZHZY81MVX2F
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why don t they launch rockets into orbit using nuclear power?
QUESTION CONTENT: It s bad for the environment, but I don t care.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 23154
Quite a few years back during the cold war such a engine was designed, built, and Patented by Westinghouse.This engine/reactor was smaller than a 55 gal. barrel and kinda cute.Do you know that back then, an idea being promoted, was a reactor in every home. (Big Business quashed this one)Everyday, reporting to work we workers seen a model displayed in the Lobby.The technology is complete and viable, but I suspect the Carter Presidential Era put the brakes on using it and we never got a chance to use it due to the incorrect media generated danger of Nuclear Energy.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74454
Rockets must be accelerated to about seven miles per second against the force of earth s gravity to reach outer space.  If humans are onboard they must be protected by biological shielding (lead for gamma rays or hydrogen as in water or polyplastics for neutron rays)  That makes for a very heavy payload.  Try to lift a 100 Lb weight then try again at tremendous speed.  Nuclear power may be used once in outer space because the power plant can be kept at a distance requiring less shielding.  Still the main concern is to get the rocket into outer space without an accident.  Nobody could afford the law suits for an accident that contaminates a large part of the earth.

QUESTION ID: 2G0GSZIY0GBGN47
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much is $2142723.96 in words?
QUESTION CONTENT: How do you say 2,142,723.96 in words? Twomillion???
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45526
two million, one hundred fourty two thousand, seven hundred twenty three dollars and  ninety six cents.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45527
two million, one hundred and forty two thousand, seven hundred and twenty three, point ninety six
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45528
Two million, one hundred forty two thousand, seven hundred twenty three dollars and ninety six cents.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45529
TWO MILLIONONE HUNDRED ANDFORTY TWO THOUSANDSEVEN HUNDRED ANDTWENTY THREEAND NINETY SIX which simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhichsimplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies towhich simplifies to

QUESTION ID: 2GFY38ZS3P60DHQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can  best support and employee who is going through chemo for lymphoma (she is 35 and a singel mom)?
QUESTION CONTENT: that should be a single mom, sorry.  I enjoy having fun answering these questions too, but budde your answer is not funny or acceptable, this is a real person we are talking about.  Imagine it was someone you cared about.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86524
You sound like a really nice person for wanting to help her.  You could ask if she d like you to arrange babysitting on the days she has chemo and is too tired to look after the child.  Does she have regular transportation--maybe you could set up a pool of friends and associates that could be there for her.  What about a regular night for casseroles so she wouldn t have to cook.  Most casseroles are easy to make and require few ingredients that someone could make two--one to eat and one to freeze for later use.  Some crockpots are so small you could bring one in to the office and have the ingredients cooking all day.  When she went home at night she d have supper all ready.  Mother s Day is May 13--arrange for a massage for her to lift her spirits.The child probably could use some support too.  Maybe a movie for the two of them (if you don t want to go, tell a white lie and say you got free tickets) or just take the child so the Mom could have time to take a nap or a long bath to relax.  If she s feeling up to it, a walk around the block or a trip to the park where the child can play and she can enjoy the sun.Perhaps something as simple as a funny e-mail that she can open when she first comes to work or to read at night.One of the best things is just letting her know you care and that if she needs or wants to talk, you re there (if you re up for it, that is).I hope all goes well for her.  God bless you.[Edited]Forget about that jerk Bubbe.  He thought he was being clever.  All he wanted was the easy 2 pts.  By now he s even forgotten he answered the question.  Don t let his--I can t think of a clean, suitable word or phrase to use--ruin the wonderful thing you re doing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42376
When I was doing chemo, one group sent a card with flowers (delivered) and another group sent a card with a kroger s gift card (for groceries) in it.....maybe offer to babysit once in awhile? Here are some links...Nutrition and Support for cancer patientshttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/MBC/MBC_6.asp? (nutrition for cancer patients)http://www.cancer.org/docroot/MIT/mit_0.asp (supporting cancer patients)

QUESTION ID: 2IDPPYLOAXX7R3D
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people think homeschoolers have no social lives?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am 15, PROUDLY HOMESCHOOLED, yet this is the biggest and 1st question I always get. I am in Speech/Debate, martial arts, tennis, golf, Boy Scouts and homeschool co-ops. I have a huge circle of friends, yet people stereotype us that way. Why?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41015
First of all, people have this mistaken notion that homeschoolers stay home all the time. Then, if they find out that you do do things, they turn to the mistaken notion that people have a psychological/social need to be around 30 other people for half a year for 13 years (roughly 180-200 days of school in most places). Why they think this is beyond me. Some sort of rationalization to defend a position they want to hold to for some reason.Of course, then there are the people who meet odd homeschoolers and think all homeschoolers are that way and it must be because they aren t around other people enough. And then there are those who meet homeschoolers who really aren t odd, but they are different from the public school norm (have different interests, less focus on being like everybody else) and these people think homeschoolers are weird because they aren t like them, a result of not being around people enough .What it boils down to is a lack of deep thought on the person s part. Just a reflection of them and not of homeschooling.ADDED: I have to laugh at some of the answers. What a hoot! My kids and other homeschoolers aren t seen out in the community? You ve got to be kidding me. They ARE, but people don t usually go around checking to see if you are public schooled, private schooled, charter schooled or homeschooled. My daughter s done summer camps and lots of different lessons and it hasn t once come up. These are not homeschooling activities. My son has reached a point where he s ready to start participating in all this, too. Unless someone specifically asks them which school they go to, nobody s ever going to know that they re homeschooled.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53897
People don t understand homeschooling and are extremely judgemental.  After all, if you don t know about something, most people immediately become offensive.  I homeschool my children, and like you, they are involved in a wide array of extra activities.  There is no evidence whatsoever, that they don t have a social life.  They have more interaction that I did when I was their age, and I went to public school.  Kudos to you, you know how socially developed you are and that is all that matters.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86140
I don t think people continue to think homeschoolers have no social lives, I believe they just continue to say homeschoolers have no social lives because that keeps them in their comfort zone. A lot of people have a hard time with people wanting to and succeeding at doing things their way.You also have a lot of negativity spoken against homeschoolers at the national level in the teacher s associations, so, as we know, people will begin to believe a lie if you keep repeating it over and over and over and over and over....Also, there is tons of bad press in the media about homeschooling. If something bad happens in a family, and that family homeschooled, well, that will be zeroed in on. That does not happen if the family sent their children to publicschools. You never hear a story about abuse or something equally horrible, that starts off Public school family Jones was found yesterday... never happens.Someone left an answer a couple of days ago that said to the effect, every maladjusted, socially enept person I ve ever met went to school. Wow! haha, that was rich!As to the charge that homeschoolers are not seen in public, well that is because homeschoolers do not stand out like sore thumbs, like antihomeschoolers would like you to think they do.For the most part, homeschool kids are just like everyone else. They are out there, rubbing elbows and participating in the same things as the publicschool and privateschool kids.that s the whole point. We are just like everyone else.We want what is best for our families. We enjoy the same things as everyone else.It is not from a lack of knowledge that these thoughts continue to prevail. It is from willfull ignorance.That means being dumb on purpose.

QUESTION ID: 2LMN12LHTNU2Y61
QUESTION SUBJECT: How fast does skin cancer spread?
QUESTION CONTENT: How fast can melanoma spread, and mestasize?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43692
I don t think it takes long with some people. My grandfather had it on his face, and he had it removed around his ears. It was within months they checked his lymped nodes and it had spread. he died shortly there after.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86915
The prognosis (predicted outlook or chance of survival) of a particular cancer depends on its stage or how widespread it is in the body. Physicians treating melanoma have used several different staging systems with differing criteria. Some determinations are made based on the clinical examination, while other stage determinations are made after the biopsy is completed.  Many types of cancer are staged using the TNM system, where:???T??? describes the extent of a tumor???s invasion into surrounding tissues and organs.???N??? describes whether or not the cancer has spread to surrounding lymph nodes and, if so, the size of the lymph nodes. Lymph nodes are groups of immune system filtering cells that help ward off infections and cancers. They are typically the size of a bean.???M??? describes whether or not the cancer has metastasized or spread to distant organs.Melanomas can be staged several ways. The major stage groups for melanoma are:Stage 0. The melanoma is in the epidermis but has not spread to the dermis.Stage I. The melanoma is localized in the skin.Stage II. The melanoma is still localized in the skin, but may be thicker or ulcerated.Stage III. The melanoma has spread to local lymph nodes.Stage IV. The melanoma has spread beyond local lymph nodes to distant organs, areas of the skin or lymph nodes. Please read more on this at the link below - included are risk factors, signs and symptoms, questions to ask the doctor, prevention and much more: http://cancer.health.ivillage.com/skincancer/skincancer(melanoma).cfm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86916
Yes it can spread quickly and can spread. It may not look like it is on your skin because it grows down ward and if it reaches a lymph node or your blood system it can spread thorugh out your body

QUESTION ID: 2MIFXBL0MVU82QJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do we yawn actualy !!?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22158
Why do we yawn? Dr. Barry Make, a pulmonologist at National Jewish Medical and Research Center in Denver, says the answer is not because we are tired or bored ??? although that???s the common perception. Read on for his explanation.The most plausible explanation, and the one that is taught in medical school, is that we yawn because oxygen levels in our lungs are low.  THE TRUTH IS that we don???t completely understand why people, or animals for that matter, yawn. It???s widely assumed that yawning occurs because we are tired or bored or because we see someone else doing it, but there isn???t any hard evidence to support these beliefs.The most plausible explanation, and the one that is taught in medical school, is that we yawn because oxygen levels in our lungs are low. Studies have shown that during normal, at-rest breathing, we don???t use anywhere near our lung capacity; for the most part, we just use the air sacs at the bottom of the lungs. If the air sacs, called alveoli, don???t get fresh air, they partially collapse and the lungs stiffen a bit. As a result, it???s believed, our brain prompts the body to either sigh or take a yawn to get more air into the lungs.But certain aspects of yawning remain even more mysterious. Fetuses, for instances, have been observed yawning in the womb, yet it???s known that they don???t take oxygen in through their lungs. And yawning seems to be a symptom of multiple sclerosis and other medical conditions, for reasons unclear.Another puzzling phenomenon is that some male animals, men included, yawn in association with penile erection (although it???s presumptuous to assume they???re bored with their sex lives).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48405
No one knows

QUESTION ID: 2N47BKL5PPB5L7E
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is it so hard to get to Mars when we have sent unmanned probes there all the time?
QUESTION CONTENT: Moon landing was old news. When the hell are we getting to Mars?Don t we keep guys in the International Space Station alive for a really long time before sending them home?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7994
 Moon landing was old news. When the hell are we getting to Mars? You are easily bored, aren t you?:-)Seriously... with enough tax money everything is possible. Even a manned Mars flight. But somebody has to pay for it. I would estimate it to be a rough trillion dollars. Half as much as the Iraq war. Why don t you send a letter to Bush and Cheney?:-)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3807
Some of the reasons have been already mentioned:1) Many missions to Mars have been unsuccessful.  To send people to Mars, we ll have to use technology that is almost foolproof (although we can never eliminate all risks).  This raises the cost tremendously.2) After landing on Mars, the astronauts need to return to earth.  This also adds a great deal of expense (which is made greater by the fact that we want to minimize the possibility of an unsuccessful manned mission).3) A trip to Mars and back will take quite a while -- maybe two or three years.  You re correct that there have been some very long stays on the International Space Station (up to 803 days, or about 2.2 years).  The long trip to Mars would be psychologically difficult on the astronauts, but comparable to the longest stay on the ISS.4) There s one more important thing that hasn t been mentioned so far:  Because the astronauts would be outside of the protective magnetic field of the earth for a very long time, they would be exposed to a substantial dose of cosmic rays -- enough to give them a considerable chance of developing cancer as a result of the trip.There was a very good article on the cosmic ray problem by Eugene N. Parker in the March 2006 Scientific American.  I don t think it s available free on the web, but you should be able to find it at a library.  Also, there is an interview with Parker on this subject here:http://www.sciam.com/podcast/episode.cfm?id=0002212E-EEEC-1404-ADC683414B7FFE87The article ( Shielding Space Travelers ) is available here for a fee:http://www.sciam.com/article.cfm?id=shielding-space-travelersParker s main point is that there is no known way (for now, at least) of protecting astronauts from this radiation exposure.  (By the way, Parker is a very famous astrophysicist who has specialized in the study of magnetic fields and the solar wind.)-- editHere s a very good link on the cosmic ray problem:http://science.nasa.gov/headlines/y2004/17feb_radiation.htmIt mentions that the daily dose of cosmic rays on a mission to Mars is about three times greater than that experienced in the International Space Station.  Thus, a two-year trip to Mars produces three times as much radiation damage as a two-year stay on the ISS.  The author of this article is more optimistic than Parker that there might be a technological solution to reduce cosmic rays to a reasonable level.-- editThere s one other major thing I haven t mentioned -- politics.  Do people really want to spend the money for a manned trip to Mars?  In the 1960s, the U.S. wanted to prove that it had better technology than the Soviet Union (and there were other military and technological motivations as well).  The political climate today is very different from the one that spurred the race to the moon.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7995
Keeping some guys alive in the vacuum (and weightlessness) of space is exceptionally tricky.  especially if we want them to come home.Patience
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20901
Getting there is the easy part. Lifting off and getting back is the hard part. They would have to carry enough fuel for the entire journey, not to mention food, air etc etc. Remember, unmanned probes just have to survive a one-way trip and the landing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42705
MOST of the probes we send to Mars all the time actually failed.So.. wanna volunteer for  Mars 1?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62085
Because Those unmanned probes only weigh a few hundred pounds while Apollo weight over a hundred thousand pounds. And because it only takes 3 days to get to the Moon and a complete round trip with several days stay can be completed in 10 days while it takes 8 months to get to Mars and because you can only leave when the Earth and Mars are in just the right parts of their respective orbits the astronauts would have to stay on Mars a year before the planets were lined up right to return, making the whole trip last over 2 years. No astronaut has ever been in space for so long. The space station needs supplies and spare parts every 6 months. No space craft ever built can last 2 years without support from Earth and the size of the space craft needed to carry 2 years food, water and air would be far to big to launch on our largest rocket. The space station orbits low enough over Earth that it is always inside Earth s magnetic field, which deflects some of the radiation that would otherwise hit the space station. And the Earth itself covers almost half the sky from such a close orbit, effectively blocking all radiation from half the sky and so reducing the astronauts exposure by half. I could come up with other problems, but those are the main ones.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62086
Unmanned probes do not require warmth, food, water, or oxygen. All of these must be included for a manned mission, in sufficient quantities to ensure the survival of the crew. Systems for managing these resources, as well as waste disposal systems, must be included in the spacecraft design. These factors and others make manned missions enormously more difficult than unmanned. Manned missions to Mars, however, are likely to be enormously more rewarding in terms of scientific discovery than unmanned.

QUESTION ID: 2NRZRN6XKF5XVRG
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you characterize this stuff like Psychoanalysis,Marxism,etc that seems science but is not science ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78772
Psychology possibly?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78773
I agree with Vinny. And I would like to add that science is only one of hte ways we are trying to explain the world. It is highly valuated in our culture because it relies on ratiolnal explanations, but still can not explain everything. Some philosophers of science used to criticize psychoanalysis for not being scientific enough, but I think htat they are right but it shouldn t be a weak of psychoanalysis. I can recommend you to read Richard Rorty, Thomas Kun (The Structure of Scientific Revolutios)as well as Karl Popper
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78774
Psychoanalysis and Marxism are part of the critique of systematic epistemologies, ways of knowing by rational means (this is why Nietzsche, Marx, and Freud are sometimes called the philosophers of suspiscion: they are suspicious of rationalism).  Psychoanalysis and Marxism both expose the problems inherrent to rational thought, and by association, with the so called hard sciences, by calling into question the assumption there is a fundamental, rational order to being, or knowing, or whatever, at the center of all scientific, or rational, enterprises.ex.  Psychoanalysis, by positing the unconscious, calls into serious question of there being a whole, rational, knowing self, and destabilizes rational discourses like the sciences because the sciences always assume that there is a fundamental order beneath the emergent real - code beneath the image, so to speak.  If there is a fundamental disorder to human understanding, an unknowable unconscious, unknowable drive, the it becomes much more difficult to explain the outcome of a rational project, why the conclusion of such a project is such, for one has to do the impossible, account for the unaccountable.It s easy when rationalism is the center, because there is linear agreement between the experiment and the conclusion, and such a rational linearity is absolutely necessary for the sciences to make gains.  But it is also necessary, perhaps supremely necessary as we deal with globalization, to understand that at the core of each discipline is not a stable, unchanging truth, hard capital, but a decentered, disordered play of drive.The point of psychoanalysis and Marxism, in one sense among many, is to make it clear that systems of understanding are always arbitrary and constructed.

QUESTION ID: 2OZQEJ88XUAPZ7F
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you turn media publicity about celebrities with drug problems into teachable moments for your kids?
QUESTION CONTENT: As a medical professional who has studied addiction and as a father of three, I am aware of the challenges kids face to stay healthy and drug-free. Influences arise from a variety of places and more and more often news of celebrity drug and alcohol abuse is turning up on the evening news, or your child is getting the latest headline from reading a magazine in the grocery store checkout line. Tell me how you turn media publicity about celebrities with drug problems into teachable moments for your kids and visit www.TimeToTalk.org to access tools to help you get the conversation going.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 60911
Talk about current celebs in trouble .Britney Spears. Compare and contrest her life w/Anna Nicole Smith. You and hte class can all come to the conclusion that if Spears doesn t get her act together she ll be dead. Talk about how drugs is not only bad for the user, but it s bad for the kids b/c they can grow up and become addicted b/c of a horrid role model.Talk about Spear s kids possible fate.Or, people don t necessarily die from drugs but their brain sure does. People develop mental illness and have to live in special homes and can t geta job. If they don t behave there they get kicked out and end up homeless.Then find a celeb who beat drug adiction and tal kabout how they survived.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3028
ya - i d teach my kids you see how society by and large treats celebrity?  if you want to be a celebrity you ll probably have to do a lot of hard drugs just to clear your mind of every other womens magazine splaying those 5 holiday pounds of yours from the magazine rack of nearly every store in the entire country how dare we assail those in the creative fields - imagine if Bill Gates or someone similar was assailed for reaching the top of their field, the same society does to those who reach the apex of entertainment/arts

QUESTION ID: 2P7DDDZHZO30FEH
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does Woody Allen s movie Match Point end?
QUESTION CONTENT: Could someone please explain what happens at the end of the movie from after Chris and Nola have sex the second time? I had to leave the theater at that point.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 27295
With the closing credits
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79130
Match Point takes place in England. It s an erotic thriller with little in the way of comic relief, though it s not as heavy as Allen s Ingmar Bergman-inspired dramas; and while the women (Scarlett Johansson, Emily Mortimer) are in the age bracket the filmmaker prefers, so are the men in their lives (Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Matthew Goode). There are no sexagenarian neurotic Jews drooling over them - not in front of the camera anyway. Chris Wilton (Rhys Meyers) is the tennis pro, a poor boy from Ireland come to London. Nola Rice (Johansson) is just a starving actress from Boulder, Colorado. Both attract the romantic attention of the children of the Hewetts, Alec (Brian Cox) and Eleanor (Penelope Wilton). Mrs. Hewett is more concerned than her husband, who came to his millions through hard work, about the class of the people their children marry. Having won the heart of Chloe (Mortimer), Chris is able to win over her mother as well; but an actress-- and an American yet!-- is too much, however infatuated Tom (Goode) may be with her. The practical Nola tells Chris in their first intimate talk, You can do very well for yourself unless you blow it... by making a pass at me. Of course he makes a pass, but he doesn t blow it-- at least not right away. Even before Chris marries Chloe her father brings him into his company as a junior executive on the fast track for advancement. After their first time together, Nola tries to be practical but Chris won t hear of it. On the one hand he has a beautiful, loving wife and financial security; on the other hand is intense passion. Being a man, he s willing to settle for both. Tom finally dumps Nola and marries another woman who s already pregnant, while Chloe, who desperately wants three children, in unable to conceive. Nola, however, is more fertile. She makes Chris delicate juggling act ever more precarious. As realistic as she is about most things, Nola can t seem to grasp that acting and Chris are both dead ends for her.

QUESTION ID: 2QSUJGQVRE5NTTJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is pancreatic or other cancers of the stomach/abdomen area diagnosed?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86817
Unfortunately these types of cancer in the early stages of the disease have no symptoms. By the time a patient begins to have symptoms than the cancer is quite advanced. In general, the only way to diagnose these diseases is visually - you can feel or see the advanced tumors - lymph nodes are swollen - blood test looks abnormal - belly fills with fluid (ascites) - body retains fluid (edema) - loss of weight (the tumors take on their own blood supply and require alot of energy) - vague or acute pain (tumors may start to invade tissue or block organs causing pain) - nausea - feeling of malaise - many of the symptoms will lead the doctor to order some diagnostic imaging such as a Cat Scan or MRI. These scans may show tumors or a mass . . but there is still no way of knowing if it is cancer. The only way that any of these cancers can be diagnosed appropriately is with a biopsy of the suspected lesion or lymph node. My son has a rare abdominal sarcoma that had metastasized into the lympthatic system. They were able to obtain a biopsy from the lymph node and identify his cancer in that manner.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86818
SOME OF THESE TESTS CAN BE DONE THROUGH LABORTARY TESTS AND OTHERS HAVE TO BE DONE BY SCANS AND EVEN BY HAVING A COLONOSCOPY.a COLONOSCOPY I S A TEST WHERE THEY TAKE A TUBE AND GO UP THE LENGHT OF THE COLON TO LOOK FOR CANCEROUS GROWTHS, POLYPS, FIBROIDS, ETC.  IT IS A TEST THAT ANY ONE THINKING THAT THEY ARE HAVING THIS TYPE OF PROBLEM, NEED TO HAVE DONE.  DOCOTRS USUALLY SCHEDULE A COLONOSCOPY ON ALL PATIENTS 50 AND OVER YEARLY.

QUESTION ID: 2R5RYYGYI18NHP6
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79127
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happensin cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27285
SKY is blue because it is reflection of sea water.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27286
Our atmosphere is mostly nitrogen, and nitrogen scatters blue light. The blue we observe is the result of Rayleigh scattering.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27287
It is made up of a spectrum of colors which blend together with nitrogen to form a blue sky!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27288
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.

QUESTION ID: 2S7R7JX1L1KFUPF
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I add exercize into my everyday activites??
QUESTION CONTENT: How can I add exercize into my everyday activites??Without doing real exercizes like jumping jacks, push ups...Here is my basic work day schedule-MoringWake upGet ready go to school-At schoolGo to schoolI don t have gym classat lunch I either sit at a table and talk with my friends or if its nice outside I walk around outside with my friends (can t walk in the hallways because we are either stuck in the caff or outsidecome home -After schoolEat dinnerDo HwSleepI also have lots of free time after schoolHeres my weekend schedule-SatWake Up eat breakfasteat luncheat dinnerget ready for churchgo to churchthe rest of the day is free timeChurch is really relaxed we have a lot of free time- SunWake Upeat breakfasteat luncheat dinnerclean (Sometimes a little sometimes all day)go to the storedo hwgo to bedOk now how do I add a little exercize without it being real exercize (jumping jacks, push ups...)?? I am only 15 so I can t really go to a gym or anything like that...21 minutes ago - 3 days left to answer. Additional Details19 minutes ago... Don t say join a sport because there are no sports at my school and don t say just go for a walk or w/e because I don t want to do that by myself and its cold outside and don t say invite your friends to go rollerskating or w.e...17 minutes agobecause we my dad will never give me moneyu to go do stuff like that with my friends and my friends don t want to anyways!!5 seconds agoI can t take more stairs because we simply don t have stairs at school or at home (little stairs at home to get into our house thats its) lol and I can t walk to school or get droped off a little fatheraway because I am late as it is and as for walking around between classes that isn t going to work either because the hallways are so pakced we spend 2 of our 4 min between classes just waiting for the pack to move so we can get to our lockers!!I don t have a dog either!! Also does swinging count as exercize?? oh we also have a pool where I live!!I mean I don t to do sit ups, push ups, jumping jacks...
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5528
I used to think my mom was a liar when she told me that doing yardwork and cleaning the house makes you lose weight, but those are actually effective. I know it sounds boring and unintimidating, but try listening to some music, maybe dance around while cleaning, that burns calories. Also, I used to lose alot of weight when I was a bedroom dance team choreographer, ohhmyy the girl in the mirror had some swift moves! Haha.You said you re pretty much late to school everyday, how about after school? Getting off the bus a stop early? When you re at school, walk quicker to classes. Maybe try pacing back and forth as you talk on the phone.If you re old enough, a job would help. That keeps you from sitting around, keeps you moving, and it keeps you from binge eating like you might do when you re bored. These are just some simple tips that I ve done and lost quite a few pounds in a short period of time. I ve had my job 2 months and have lost 20lbs, so use weightloss as motivation to get up and move. My mom is constantly complaining about her weight, I just simply tell her, It must not bother you that bad if you don t do anything about it! You re just in the habbit of complaining. So just try moving around a bit. You d be surprised. =]
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5529
Sorry but the only way to exercise is exercise.  You must commit to exercising, and why can t you add in real exercises?  What is a fake exercise?  If you have free time the only thing you lack is will power.  You must find willpower through yourself, friends, and family.  A good way to commit to is make a schedule and write it out.  I m not sure what you want to do as exercise but you should do many different exercises to see what you like the best.  Exercise should be fun and good for you.  If push-ups and sit-ups don t work.  You could swim, box (as in boxing), walk around the house, or join a class like karate, dance, or aerobics.  All exercise takes is a little will power and time,  just find that will power and stick to your schedule and you should be good.

QUESTION ID: 2SHHCQ57TN35ZUH
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 27243
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79057
b/c its pretty!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79058
Please do a search of Yahoo answers since this question is asked about once a week.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79059
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.

QUESTION ID: 2TTOFR135NQNGKL
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75965
STOP IT!!!18th today
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75966
IT IS SO NOT!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75967
because it is sad.  corporations keep sending horrible toxins that damage it.  It only wants to protect fair skinned irish people from the dangerous radiation comming from it s big brother, the sun.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75968
It is called Rayleigh Scattering, or Molecular scattering. This is primarily caused by oxygen and nitrogen molecules, whose effective diameters are at least 0.1 times smaller than the effected wavelengths. Rayleigh scattering is most influential at the alitudes above 4.5 km, occuring in what is called the pure atmosphere. The amount of Rayleigh scattering is highly selective, being inversely proportional to the fourth power of wavelength. Consequently, invisible ultraviolet radiation, at a wavelength of 0.3 micrometers, is scattered 16 times as readily as red wavelengths at 0.6 micrometers. In the visible spectrum, blue wavelengths at 0.4 micrometers are scattered about five times as readily as red wavelengths at 0.6 micrometers. The preferential scattering of blue wavelengths explains why the clear sky appears blue in daylight. The blue wavelengths reach our eyes from all parts of the sky.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88456
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground.  If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.

QUESTION ID: 2U2Y4UF6SPRMVX7
QUESTION SUBJECT: I wake up with shooting pain in my right heel, daily, how do I fix it?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 22289
I had this for a long time in my left heel and did not know what this knife in my foot was...until I found out that I had a ruptured disc (L4/L5 area)and the ruptured disc was pushing against the sciatic nerve that was going through the left leg...in your case the ruptured disc is pushing out on the right side and affects your right leg. You COULD stay in bed - flat - for 3 days and see if it gets better...the red hot inflamed nerve may calm down a bit and you might feel better...you could take Aleve to calm the inflamation of the nerve...you could get a shot of Cordisone in the spine...anywhichway...you need to see a neurologist who will take an MRI and tell you if you need surgery. In my case I am overweight and they did not want to touch me with a ten foor pole . I healed mine by going the other way...I found a machine called VAX-D at a chiropractors and (look on google) was able to go 30 times and then I was completely out of pain and able to walk again. Other things you will feel with this is numbness in your right thigh...occasionally a nerve-line pain all the way down your right leg and also a spray of pain over the top of your right foot. You SHOULD have also a pilot-lite burning feeling in your lower back on the right side of the spine where the actual disc is pushing. This is the line of the nerves...from the lower back through the right side of the leg into the foot. Go look at a picture of the nerves that go through the body. Bonati Institute in Florida will also do Laser surgery for this...but in my case it did not work.Good luck!The Oracle
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22291
hello!Maybe you should go to a chiropractic.You see,I am studying Alternative Medecine and this works out perfectly.

QUESTION ID: 2XFD0MWQFDXH3A8
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do knuckles crack?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have always assumed it was the sound of a tendon scrabing over a bone at a corner or something.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73358
Your joints can make a variety of sounds: popping, cracking, grinding, and snapping. The joints that crack are the knuckles, knees, ankles, back, and neck. There are different reasons why these joints sound off .    * Escaping gases: Scientists explain that synovial fluid present in your joints acts as a lubricant. The fluid contains the gases oxygen, nitrogen, and carbon dioxide. When you pop or crack a joint, you stretch the joint capsule. Gas is rapidly released, which forms bubbles. In order to crack the same knuckle again, you have to wait until the gases return to the synovial fluid.    * Movement of joints, tendons and ligaments: When a joint moves, the tendon???s position changes and moves slightly out of place. You may hear a snapping sound as the tendon returns to its original position. In addition, your ligaments may tighten as you move your joints. This commonly occurs in your knee or ankle, and can make a cracking sound.    * Rough surfaces: Arthritic joints make sounds caused by the loss of smooth cartilage and the roughness of the joint surface.Basically knuckles crack because pulling on your knuckle joints releases gases in the body???s soft tissues and the joint capsule. As the gases spring out of the fluid and enter the joint space it makes a cracking sound.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10379
its kinda like when u chew bubble gum.

QUESTION ID: 2XT28GF3YQMMKZP
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i become a wolf biologist?
QUESTION CONTENT: i like in florida so its not like im close to any orginazations.im only 15 so i just need help on how i would get started when i come of age.my dream is to work with wolves hands on.and to photograph wolves in the wild.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6615
Okay, so I m a zoologist and a behaviorist and I can tell you that your going about your dream in the wrong way.  First, if you really want to work with wolves hands on, you should plan on losing your hands.  Wolves are wild animals and although social and attentive to humans, they really don t read human behavior all that well.  Second, it s not healthy for a wolf for humans to get too close or handle it at all.  If you really care about the animal and not yourself, than you should give up that part of your dream quickly or work with wolves in a captive setting.if you want to be a wildlife photographer, than be a wildlife photographer.  But scientists don t necessarily go about taking pretty pictures of animals.  They may take pictures to identify them or for various other reasons, but scientists write for National Georgraphic, and photographers work with the scientists.Second, the way you are going, you will never get into the necessary graduate program.  If you have an interest in animal behavior, then you study animal behavior and study animals that are appropriate to solving you theoretical dilema.  Any legitimate researcher would shy away from a person like you because you are really not interested in the topic.  You are interested in the glory.  If you really want to study animals, then find somebody who s research leaves you absolutely breathless, and then do all you can to work with that person.  Hopefully you will learn these things along the way.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66921
Well, get good grades in high school, get on the college track program in high school.  Go to the University of Florida and get in to the School of Forest Resources and Conservation.  Get your BS, and maintain about a 3.5 GPA.  Cause you need to get in to graduate school.  You ll need to find a grad school that has a program that includes wolf research.  That would be out in the northwestern USA or Canada.  Forget all the crap you see on TV.  Most of it is not made by biologist.  Hands on it NOT the way we biologist get to do most of our work.  Hands on is actually not cool when working with certain species.  The presence of humans is a deterrent to the natural behavior of a wild animal.

QUESTION ID: 2Y6LRUOEN2QJGMT
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is breast cancer influenced by both genetic and environmental/lifestyle factors? Please help mee! =[?
QUESTION CONTENT: Also.. What are the implications of basing breast cancer research on a population that does not reflect the true mortality rate of breast cancer in women, and what could be done in regards to this matter? Knowing that-Breast cancer is the second most lethal form of cancer for women and in recent decades has received much needed attention for research.However,many research studies rely on the voluntary participation of women that fit the criteria for being at risk for cacner, who are aware of what researech is being done, and have the means to participate.This creates an inequality in the makeup of participants for research studies.Despite the fact that once diagnosed,African American women are 30% more likely to die from breast cancer than white women,most research studies have a participation rate for African American women of less than 10% Similarly,another group of women that is at high risk of mortality from breast cancer is the low-income group etcPlease help me with this essay!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85064
There are a number of risk factors for the development of breast cancer, including:family history of breast cancer in mother or sisterearly onset of menstruation and late menopausereproductive history: women who had no children or have children after age 30 and women who have never breastfed have increased riskhistory of abnormal breast biopsiesThough these are recognized risk factors, it is important to note that more than 70% of women who get breast cancer have no known risk factors. Having several risk factors may boost a woman s chances of developing breast cancer, but the interplay of predisposing factors is complex. In addition to those accepted factors listed above, some studies suggest that high-fat diets, obesity, or the use of alcohol may contribute to the risk profile. Another factor that may contribute to a woman s risk profile is hormone replacement therapy (HRT).HRT provides significant relief of menopausal symptoms, prevention of osteoporosis, and possibly protection from cardiovascular disease and stroke. However, studies show that there is a small increased risk of developing breast cancer with HRT use. Thus, the use of hormone replacement therapy should be based on personal risk factors.Of all the risk factors listed above, family history is the most important. In The Biological Basis of Cancer, the authors estimate that probably about half of all familial breast cancer cases (families in which there is a high breast cancer frequency) have mutations affecting the tumor suppressor gene BRCA-1. Another gene (BRCA-2) also appears to confer inherited vulnerability to early-onset breast cancers. However, breast cancer due to heredity is only a small proportion of breast cancer cases; only 5%-10% of all breast cancer cases will be women who inherited a susceptibility through their genes. Nevertheless, when the family history is strong for development of breast cancer, a woman s risk is increased.Not all lumps detected in the breast are cancerous. Fibrocystic changes in the breast are extremely common. Also known as fibrocystic condition of the breast, fibrocystic changes are a leading cause of non-cancerous lumps in the breast. Fibrocystic changes also cause symptoms of pain, swelling, or discharge and may become evident to the patient or physician as a lump that is either solid or filled with fluid. Complete diagnostic evaluation of any significant breast abnormality is mandatory because though women commonly develop fibrocystic changes, breast cancer is common also, and the signs and symptoms of fibrocystic changes overlap with those of breast cancer.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9622
As a breast cancer survivor, I have found the following website the most useful and reliable:  www.breastcancer.org  Peace and good luck.

QUESTION ID: 2ZTSP46KFZ3F8AM
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to focus sun s uv rays?
QUESTION CONTENT: would an ordinary lens focus the uv part of the spectrum just like the visible portion?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77557
only the weak stuff.  here s a link to a picture showing the transmission spectrum for ordinary optical glass, called schott glass, which is what most cheap and basic lenses are made of:http://www.mellesgriot.com/products/optics/mp_3_1.htmas you can see the % transmission drops off drastically around 350 nm.  this means the glass that you think of as being transparent is not very transparent for light in the ultraviolet.  the glass actually absorbs the UV light instead of transmitting it.there are different bands of ultraviolet light - for instance, you often hear people talk about UVA, UVB and so on.  these are defined by their wavelengths too:UVA:  380-315 nmUVB:  315-280 nmUVC:  less than 280 nmso, this glass would probably focus UVA ok, but the UVB might not work, and most definitely not UVC.  however, you can get special optics made of different materials, like calcium fluoride, which has a very wide transmission band:http://www.mellesgriot.com/products/optics/mp_3_7.htmand it even says on that page, has uses in the ultraviolet!  that s because the transmission doesn t fall off until you get to around 100 nm.  100 nanometer UV light is very nasty stuff - it s what gives you sunburns and kills germs, and it s in the range of what people call extreme UV because the light has so much energy.  go a little bit further and you start to blur into the region called soft x-rays.hope this helps!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26109
yes, but you wouldnt know it because you cant see it.

QUESTION ID: 30FYPWRKWNZZWJZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Just how regularly would you need to eat quarter pounder cheeseburgers to create plaque in your arteries?
QUESTION CONTENT: Serious guesses only. I mean it.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52606
They DON TSaturated fat does NOT cause  atherosclerosis in any way. Atherosclerosis is NOT wads of goo, or the mud inside a pipe scenario. Nothign clings to the inside of the arteries, they are a NON stick surface.It develops  BETWEEN the inner and outter layer of the arterial wall and is comprised MIANLY OF VERY HARD FIBROUS SCAR TISSUE AND SMOOTH MUSCLE CELLS.The man made trans fatty acids cause inflammation and damage to the arterial wall which leads to atherosclerosis. The fries contain the  trans fatty acids.This anti saturated fat  sentiment was started by Ancel Keys and was incorrect from the start. It is political and has no scientific basis.The Tokeluans of the Pacific Islands are documented to have NO coronary artery disease.     Complete lack. They have average cholesterol levels of 240 mg/dl and up to 300 mg/dlThey eat coconuts  at every meal,  which are  far richer in saturated fat than animal fat.There are man many other paradoxes Maasai, Dinkas Samburu Swiss Russian  French  InuitsNone of these are paradoxes at all. The Cholesterol Theory is scientifically untenable crap and all one has to do to see this is rummage through the full textsof the studies.Please look into Anthony Colpo and Dr. Ravnskovhttp://www.opinions3.com/Uffe_Ravnskov_Report.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52607
Each person is different on how their body processes excess cholesterol so no answer is going to be right.  If you want to see what quarter pounders do to your body, watch the movie Supersize Me .  You can kill yourself by doing this on a daily basis.  Your cholesterol climbs rapidly, your liver cannot process the cholesterol and becomes a fatty liver and your liver enzymes climb and as they do that, you start feeling like crap.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52608
Super Size me the individual had no regard for CALORIES, as a result became OVERWEIGHT or too much bodyfat.He had TRANS FATTY ACIDS  from the super sized FRIES,  AND  he had excess calories from colaThe quater pounder is NOT  what hurt him . he should have ordered normal sizes and skipped on the cola and fries.SATURATED FAT HAS NEVER HARMED ANYONE  in anywayYou LJ  are very unfamiliar with ther 18 clinical dietary interevntion trials to date. People like you are too lazy to actually go to the source and look up the and read the full text  studies for yourself.If you HAD instead of believing media nonsense with vested interest and health authorities with conflicts of interest you would know for SURE that saturated fat or cholesterol has NEVER increased CHD mortality or incidence in ANY of the 18 to date. You woulkd KNOW about  the NUMEROUS cultures who eat a diet RICH in saturated fat and have very low to NO CHD at all, like the Tokeluans - see my post - who have cholesterol levels of 240-300 mg/dl and have a complete lack of CHD documentd by scientists Not surprisingly Cholesterol TYheopry proponents enthusiasm for discussing this fact when mentioned FADES FAST along with all the other paradoxes Maasai Dinkas Samburu Swiss Russian French Tokeluans Inuits See Larry L s referenced  post to look up for yourself Anthony Colpohttp://www.lowcarbmuscle.com/forums/showthread.php?t=111The Cholesterol Theory of coronary  artery disease is a bunch of scientifically untenable CRAP fit for a chlidren s fairy tale story about the cause of CHD

QUESTION ID: 31EU58MIHRVQUBZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how long is tilt table test performed at heart cliniques?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9704
at least 60 minutes with every 5 min to do the blood pressure and pulse rate checking. in patient having any droping of BP to less than 90 mmhg in systolic stop it immediateiy.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86375
This research article I have searched out for you so that you have an idea about this test:There is great variation between laboratories in the angle and duration of tilt used in the head-up tilt table test. We compared the hemodynamic response to three sequential randomized 20-min tilts of 60 degrees, 80 degrees and 90 degrees in 20 normal subjects. We studied 66 patients to determine the duration of tilt needed to document three types of orthostatic intolerance. Blood pressure and heart rate were monitored non-invasively. Thirty-nine patients with orthostatic hypotension of diverse causes and 17 patients with orthostatic tachycardia plus were tilted to 90 degrees for 10 min. Ten patients with vasovagal syncope were tilted to 90 degrees for 30 min. A multivariate analysis of variance performed to assess the hemodynamic responses to 60 degrees, 80 degrees and 90 degrees tilts did not show a statistically significant difference (F = 0.459). Logistic regression analyses revealed that the duration of tilt required to document orthostatic hypotension was 5 min (73% cases correctly identified), orthostatic tachycardia plus 10 min (86.5% cases correctly identified) and neurally mediated syncope 10 min (86.5% cases correctly identified). Tilt duration is a more important variable than tilt angle and the duration of the tilt should depend on the suspected cause of orthostatic intolerance.

QUESTION ID: 32UPRBX5LS1RD3P
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i loose wight?
QUESTION CONTENT: i need to loose 60 pounds but how without hurting my body
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70024
DO NOT starve yourself by going on a crash diet. It doesn t work, believe me! Sure, you lose weight, but you also lose hair and your ability to have kids in the future. Then once you do actually eat something, it turns directly to FAT because your body is trying desperately to store excess calories&food for energy because it thinks that its starving - And you end up gaining everything you lost, and then some!Try eating more fruits and veggies in place of other fatty meals, like junk food, cookies, or high calorie meals. Like most people (I m guilty sometimes!), you ve probably brainwashed yourself into thinking that fast food tastes better than healthy food, but that s not entirely true! Try eating more grapes, clemintines, apples chunks in vanilla yogurt (good for sweet cravings!), blueberries, hummus (it sounds gross but it s really not, especially with Wheat Thins or Food Should Taste Good brand whole grain chips! I personally like garden vegetable or tomato flavored), granola, low-fat yogurt, low-fat string cheese, LITE whole wheat bread, 100 - calorie popcorn / kettle corn bags, steamed broccoli with a buttery garlic sauce etc. I also snack on South Beach Diet oatmeal chocolate chip cookies, they re good AND pretty healthy! And eat SLOWLY. Take one bite at a time, chew completely, then take another bite. If you eat slower, you ll become fuller quicker, and you won t overeat.Incorporate more exercise into your daily life. Take the dog for a 20 minute walk, do jumping jacks while watching TV, do laps around the block, or the house for that matter. Don t let yourself sit down for too long. If you can, get a gym membership. I use an elliptical for 30 minutes 5-6 times a week and it works great for me.And don t eat out of boredom! It s a nasty habit to break, TRUST ME. Whenever you feel like eating, watch a movie with no commercial breaks so you don t have time to get up, call a friend, read a book or magazine, or get out of the house, away from the food. And don t DIET . Because the moment you go off your diet , you ll regain the all the weight you lost quickly, believe me. Instead, make healthy living choices. I recently lost weight, about 20 lbs, and what really helped for me was planning my meals. I planned when and what I was going to eat, and made sure the calorie count was 1400. But never go under 1200! Whatever you do, don t let yourself stray from your plan. Write it all down or type it out and leave it up on your computer so you don t forget, that s what I do.You ll never get to your ideal body by eating crap food and sitting around, no matter how much you want it to happen. It takes dedication to get the body you want! Make it like a game. How much weight can I lose? Prove it to yourself you DO have the willpower to get what you want. But allow yourself a cheat day every now and then. Life is too short! If you restrict your body of all the good foods , you will one day EXPLODE and eat everything in sight. Trust me!One more thing: Once you do become thinner, DON T think you can eat whatever you want now! You ll regain all the weight back, which is absolutely mortifying, especially after all the hard work to lose it.Good luck! Hope that helps (:OH, and sitting up straight burns more calories than slouching. Try it!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15137
1200 calories daily (no junk food or soda)Drink atleast 8 glasses of water daily.Do atleast 30 minutes of cardio exercise daily.Get 7-8 hours of sleep nightly.

QUESTION ID: 34BNNTG4FSIHYPV
QUESTION SUBJECT: How efective is Erbitux for a methastasic bone cancer? What can I expect?
QUESTION CONTENT: The methastasic bone cancer is from an unknown primary without any organ compromised, till now we know his liver has cells but is working normally wihtout any simptom.We have 2 years with this problem one looking for what was the desease and other one with the diagnosis. He is in good shape now, when he??s not in pain.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87131
Cetuximab (marketed under the name Erbitux) is used in metastatic colon cancer and is given concurrently with the chemotherapy drug irinotecan (Camptosar??), a form of chemotherapy that blocks the effect of DNA topoisomerase I, resulting in fatal damage to the DNA of affected cells. While there remains some scientific controversy on this, assessment for EGFR expression is required for use in Colorectal Cancer, but not in Head&Neck Cancer. It is best to refer to updated Prescription Information [2]. Cetuximab was approved by the FDA in March 2006[3]for use in combination with radiation therapy for treating squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN) or as a single agent in patients who have had prior platinum-based therapy.One of the side effects of Cetuximab therapy is the incidence of, possibly severe, acne-like rash.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CetuximabCompared to radiation alone, cetuximab plus radiation therapy can nearly double the median survival in patients with a certain kind of head and neck cancer that has not spread to other parts of the body. However, further research is needed to know whether cetuximab plus radiation is more effective than the current standard of care (chemoradiotherapy using the drug cisplatin).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44399
Cancer of unknown primary site (CUP) can be difficult to recognize and difficult to treat. What has happened is that your cancer originated somewhere else, metastasized to the bone, and than the primary tumor for unknown reasons disappeared leaving only metastatic disease. Usually an oncologist will try to make some type of guess or determination where the cancer originated in order to move forward with treatment.American Cancer Society: CUPhttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/CRI/content/CRI_2_4_1X_What_is_cancer_of_unknown_primary_58.asp?siteareaACS: How is CUP diagnosedhttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/CRI/content/CRI_2_4_3X_How_is_cancer_of_unknown_primary_diagnosed_58.aspACS: Detailed Treatment Guide for CUPhttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/CRI/content/CRI_2_4_4x_Introduction_58.asp?rnav=criNCI: Carcinoma of Unknown Primaryhttp://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/types/unknownprimaryPerhaps the selection to erbitux stems from the doctors idea of where the CUP originated from? Since it is used for colon cancer perhaps they feel the original malignancy started in the colon? If this is true than erbitux may work for you since it works well for those with metastatic colorectal cancer. You will need to ask your doctor these questions.Stay strong.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44400
Bone cancer isn t the worst cancer out there so your kind of lucky. My grandmother died from pancreatic cancer. And bone cancer. But most of it was pancreatic cancer, shoot all of it was. She took that and shefound it really worked good. She could actually walk (she had it her leg) up stairs. But yeah it worked pretty good.:)but she still died:(

QUESTION ID: 363XA6TI61C7TLD
QUESTION SUBJECT: how many men were killed in the civil war?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72885
At least 618,000 Americans died in the Civil War, and some experts say the toll reached 700,000. The number that is most often quoted is 620,000. At any rate, these casualties exceed the nation s loss in all its other wars, from the Revolution through Vietnam.        The Union armies had from 2,500,000 to 2,750,000 men. Their losses, by the best estimates:Battle deaths: 110,070Disease, etc.: 250,152Total 360,222        The Confederate strength, known less accurately because of missing records, was from 750,000 to 1,250,000. Its estimated losses:Battle deaths: 94,000Disease, etc.: 164,000Total 258,000        The leading authority on casualties of the war, Thomas L. Livermore, admitting the handicap of poor records in some cases, studied 48 of the war s battles and concluded:        Of every 1,000 Federals in battle, 112 were wounded.        Of every 1,000 Confederates, 150 were hit.        Mortality was greater among Confederate wounded, because of inferior medical service. The great battles, in terms of their toll in dead, wounded, and missing is listed on this site:
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30437
There were 184,000 combat related deaths and another 370,000 deaths due to disease and wounds.

QUESTION ID: 363YQHYWTEI2HTG
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is the pressure cooker able to cook food within a short period of time.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 24012
That s why they call it a pressure cooker instead of a depressure cooker.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24013
what temperature actually does to cook food is to break bonds in the food, and cause other chemical reactions to take place.  Changing the pressure does the same thing, meaning it needs a lower temperature to produce the same effect in the food.  It would be the same thing as making the temperature super hot, but with no burning.An easier example for how pressure gives these effects is in states of matter. such as, water freezes at 0 degrees celcius, but that is only at 1atm of pressure.  The more you increase the pressure, the easier water would freeze.  water might even freeze at 10 degrees celcius or higher if it was under enough pressure. The same with gas and liquid, if you take water vapor at say 110 degrees celcius and put it under pressure, it will turn to liquid.  This is because the molecules of water are getting pushed closer together,causing a gas to be a liquid easier or a liquid to be a solid easier.  So if you decrease the pressure, (like in a pressure cooker) the reverse would happen.  There wouldn t be as much pressure, so the particles would be more free to move around.  so water wouldn t freeze as easily.  All temperature does is speed up the particles, so with less pressure, they can move around more freely and change states more easily to looser states.The same thing is happening in the pressure cooker, due to a lower pressure, the molecules of food can move around more easily and the bonds can break, and basically lower temperatures have the same effect as higher temperatures would with more pressure.  So it has the same effect as making the food much much hotter, only without burning the food because there s not as much heat involved.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75306
A pressure cooker works by keeping the steam generated by the boiling liquid water from leaving the container (by using a weight over a vent).  This builds up the pressure inside the vessel.  The pressure forces the liquid to need a higher temperature to boil.  Higher temperatures and moving steam cook the food faster.

QUESTION ID: 37A5IZMX6LBUJQU
QUESTION SUBJECT: I want to get into working on my family tree, but how and where should I start? is there anywhere free to go?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88432
Genealogy is a fascinating hobby. This is a long, general answer to your question, with some links. Cyndi s List (cyndislist.com) is a web site with nothing but links to other genealogy sites. She has over 250,000 links; some are general. Some are devoted to a particular region, state, county, ethnic group, surname or occupation. 250,000 is a little much for a beginner, so the next 11 links go to the largest free sites. Here s a paragraph for each link. How to start and family crests are below the link descriptions.Family Search (familysearch.com) is run by the LDS Church - the Mormons. It is where most people start. Their Ancestral Family database is about 75% accurate. Their International Genealogical Index is about 85% accurate. Their 1880 US, 1881 UK and 1881 Canadian census is about 95% accurate.RootsWeb World Connect (worldconnect.genealogy) is a collection of genealogical data that other genealogists have uploaded. Exactly half of the data there is below average, and half is above average. (That is from the nature of averages.) I tend to trust the ones who have notes and original sources, and less than 20,000 individuals in their database. You ll findlots of duplicates. Ancestry.com has free databases and fee databases. They make money selling genealogy information. For instance, they will sell you access to the US Census images.GenCircles.com is like RootsWeb World Connect, although once you upload your data they match it to others, which make sit easy to compare notes with others.US Gen Web (usgenweb.net) is a series of volunteer web sites. There is one for each state, and another one for almost every county within each state. Some county-level sites are better than others.GenForum.com is a series of bulletin boards. There is one for each of about 10,000 surnames, one for each country in the world, each state in the US, each province in Canada, each shire in the UK and each county in the US. You can post a query or, better yet, search the old queries.WARNING - If you post a query on GenForum (above) or Ancestry (below), you ll notice they have a higher standard than most Yahoo! Posts. Genealogical queries tend to be grammatically correct, properly spelled, with complete sentences and enough details that someone can help. I usually compose mine in Word, proof read, spell check, then copy and paste. If you are tempted to post, please read my page (goodpost.html) first. The worst examples of posts I ve ever seen are on the Yahoo! News items. Only one out of 20 is properly spelled, relevant and a complete sentence.Ancestry Query boards (boards.ancestry.com) are like the GenForum bulletin boards; it is a competing web site, like Ford vs. Chevy. This is a sub-set of Ancestry.com. They are entirely free.RootsWeb Mailing List Archives: (searches.rootsweb.com) There are mailing lists for many surnames and for most counties in the US. The link goes to their archives. Try the surname you are interested in or the US County. County mailing lists are of the form sscccccc, where ss is the state abbreviation and cccccc is the first six letters of the county. Stanislaus County, California is CASTANIS, for instance.To get started, you ll probably have to use birth certificates, death certificates, obituaries, SSN applications, funeral home records, cemetery records and marriage licenses to get back to someone born before 1900. Then you can start digging into the wealth of data that countless volunteers have posted on the web. The Social Security Death Index (SSDI) may help you here; it has people who died in the US, and they update it every month. It is one of the few large data bases that has people born after 1900. The very best place to start, or course, is with your oldest living relatives, if they are still coherent and still speaking to you.I put two links to my site there at the bottom. The begingen.html page has some hints for beginners. Goodpost is the one I mentioned before, about an effective query.Random notes:If your surname is rare and you wonder if there are any others of you in the US, use the super pages.There isn t any such thing as a family crest or a family coat of arms, but about 300 companies will be happy to sell you one for $29.95. ($49.95 for the walnut plaque.) Crests and coats of arms were given to specific individuals. The oldest legitimate son inherits it. Not all the sons, not the by-products of the Duke s youthful indiscretion, not the daughters. People who keep track of  Coats of arms tend to be prigs, and sexist ones at that. The merchants will sell you a Coat of Arms that was once issued to someone with your surname. It was issued to him, not to your family. If your last name is Smith, you ll have dozens to choose from.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8503
Try starting with http://www.genealogy.com
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8504
Here, some webpages where you can get started:www.genealogy.comwww.familysearch.orgwww.cyndislist.comwww.gengateway.com

QUESTION ID: 37XBJJZFQ8PP6KM
QUESTION SUBJECT: What are the symptoms of cancer? How can someone diagnose if he has cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: Just wondering what the symptoms of cancer are? How can a person recongnize if he/she might have cancer? Is there any way you can tell in general? What instructions/advices/recommendations could you give? Additional info would be helpful!Thanks!What should I do if I want to make sure I don t have cancer?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 47810
There are over 200 different types of cancer. Cancer is a progressive disease which means that it starts out very tiny, a microscopic cell . . and starts to grow. When it is small there are rarely any symptoms at all.  The body does not recognize a malignant cell as being dangerous or any different that any of the other millions of cells within the body. In fact the body will nurture the cancer cell in the same way it takes care of the rest of the body . . and make it a nice healthy cancer cell. Eventually the cell grows into a nodule or tumor and if it is not bothering any vital structures or nerves . . again, no one will feel anything. The cancer will continue to grow and be nourished by the body (just as the body takes care of organs, bones, skin, tissue it also takes care of cancer tumors). Tumors at this point can start to grow their own blood vessels . . if a patient is luckythey will notice symptoms of fatigue or unusual weight loss as the body continues to nourish the new tumor at the expense of other organs.In general, though, there are very, very few warning signs that someone has a malignancy until the cancer is advanced. One of the only warning signs a young person might have that something is wrong is to notice an unusual lump or bump that seems to be growing. Otherwise, most cancers are found by chance.The only recommendation I could give anyone is to remain as healthy as you can, diet, exercise, don t smoke or drink excessively, avoid excessive exposure to carcinogens, and stay healthy. This won t prevent all cancers (you might stop smoking, but later get a bone cancer anyway . . but at least you didn t get lung cancer) , but it will cut down on the risks . . . Mostly though staying healthy and fit will help you fight cancer should you ever get it. The healthier you are the stronger you ll be when you have treatment. It makes a difference to not have any secondary health issues when fighting this monster.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47811
Some cancers don t show symptoms until the cancer is in an advanced stage, like loosing weight for no reason, fatigue, just a few to name.If you have a lump in your breast get it checked, if you have a mole that has changed get it checked, if you are coughing for a long time, get it checked, if you have bad headaches get it checked. Get yearly physicals and your Doctor will send you for different tests according to your age. Like if you smoke you should get a chest x-ray every year. When you are 50 get a colonoscopy and a prostate check. When you are 40 get yearly mammograms. Hope this helps.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88093
there is no way to tell since there are so many different types of cancer, there is a cancer for pretty much everything in your body so they all have different symptoms. talk to a doctor or check a medical site for specific cancers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88094
If it is colon cancer and is in middle or late stages, you will tremendously lose weight and also will have stool problems.

QUESTION ID: 3CB4N2V4X2M0MRJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I stop cutting?
QUESTION CONTENT: When im going thru something so simple i think of it as something thats really hard and take it to the next level.All I want to do is CUT.I cant stop thinking about it when im at home.I dont know what to do.I have tried stopping but imlike addicted to it or something.Everything becomes a cutting utensil.I need help.But im to scared to speak up.The only people who know are a few of my friends.They try there best to help me and there scared,i need some advice on how to stop.Please i hate hurting my friends and myself.But the cutting has like tooken over my mind.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 64461
First I would advice you to speak to somebody about this. If you  really feel unable to speak to a family member, Dr or anyone like that then try talking to someone at samaritans, saneline or another support service. It really does make a difference having someone to talk to. If you feel more comfortable writing than talking then both samaritans and sane run an email service, both of which I have used and found to be relativley helpful.Don t think about quitting, think about going an hour without cutting. If that is too hard think about going 10 minutes. At the end of the time, then you just need to think about the next 10 minutes etc. This can help to make it seem more managable and take thepressure off. There are distraction techniques you can try, such as going for a walk, watching a film or doing something else you find fun. There are kind of replacement techniques too, such as holding ice cubes in your hand, punching/kicking a pillow, snapping a band against your wrist or drawing on yourself with red pen. Some people find these useful, other s don t. I find it helpful to write down how I am feeling if I can t find release any other way. When you are feeling calm make a list of things to do if you become upset or feel the need to cut, such as: call best friend for a chat, have relaxing bath, stick on fave song and have a dance. Anything you think will help you. That way, when you feel bad you can just look at that for ideas rather than end up trying to think of things to do when you are already worked up.I am sure there are other things you can try too. The most important thing is just to try and do not beat yourself up if you slip, just congratulate yourself for going without cutting for however long you managed and start again. If you do slip and end up cutting, try to figure out what caused you to cut and then think about how you can deal with that same feeling/situation differently if it occurs again.  I hope you find some of these ideas helpful, good luck and well done for wanting to stop. It s the first step in the right direction. Take care of yourself xxx
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64462
the best thing you can do right now is speak up. Your friends are there by your side and can help you get through this. I don t know how old you are but if you re pretty young, like a teen, tell your parents. They will definetely support  you too! I don t have any experience with this but i d advise you go see a phsyciatrist. or a doctor who can help you snap out of it!GOOD LUCK ???
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70203
You need a professional to help you with this, preferably one trained in self-harm.Talk to a trusted adult, so they can get the help for you.At least you KNOW its messed up to cut....so that s a start.

QUESTION ID: 3CQK5OEMJ5MGEYK
QUESTION SUBJECT: BONES: Why can t joints bend backwards?
QUESTION CONTENT: My 8 year old asked me this question, so I d appreciate wording for him to understand (he s very bright - long words are fine, but please use a logically sequenced explanation!). Links to diagrams would be appreciated, as would descriptions of different types of joints and the way muscles work them.Thanks!Hey - funny thing that this child should ask this question - he has low muscle tone and as such can hyperextend most of his joints! He can, for example, put his elbow between his shoulder blades.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4533
Where the bones of a joint meet, each bone has a special shape, kind of like a key in a lock.  Just like the shape of the key or lock limits the motion, so does the shape of the bones.Look at the following link.  When you go to the link, look to the right side and click on ulna .  Observe how the top of the ulna fits into the humerus (upper arm bone).http://www.innerbody.com/image/skel14.htmlSome people can move their joints a greater distance than others because the ends of their bones are shaped a little differently at the joint.  The common term for this is double jointed but, that is actually an incorrect term.  No one has double joints, they simply have a more open or movable joint than most others have.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4534
You could do some destructive demonstrations on door hinges at your neighbour s house, as they work to the same principle as many joints.  Ask your neighbour to let you in on some pretext, and start forcing available hinges the wrong one.  You might have to deconstruct some of their furnishings to achieve this.  Alternatively, why not use the nighbour?This eductional activity would be best pursued with a neighbour who s much smaller than you.You could then ask them for a certain amount on a weekly basis, so as you can keep yourselves entertained at the homes of other neighbours.  This would be an elegant combination of science, education, profit and fun brutality.  Enjoy.Marquis de Sade VI
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4535
Our joints have different functions.Knees bend in only one direction and this allows us to walk.  If our knees bent forward, when we took a step forward, our weight would collapse the knee and walking and running as we know them would be impossible.Knuckles allow us to grasp things in the palm of our hands.  We have callouses (thick skin) that have built up on the palms and fingers to protect our hands.  If our knuckles bent backwards, we d not be able to appl force to things in the same way we do now.Some joints do have more degrees of freedom and bend backwards .  Consider the ball and socket joint of the shoulder and hip.  These allow the arms and legs to move in multiple directions.  Forward, back,side, cross-over.  This type of joint helps our mobility.The spine bends in multiple directions, too.  Our torso can lean to the front, back, and sides.  We can twist the spine and that allows us to turn our heads.Have your son think about this:  Chairs are designedso that we can sit on them.  We bend at our knees and that allows our feet to be close to the chair.  What would a chair look like if our knees bent the other way?  Would we have anything like a chair?  Would we learn to rest standing up?Much of our world is designed to work with the architecture of our bodies.  If our ears were in the palms of our hands, what would a phone look like?  What are the advantages and disadvantages of having an extra eye on the tip of a finger?  If there are lots of advantages of having an eye on a finger-tip, can he invent a device that would give humans that capablity?He asked a very rich question.  I m glad you didn t blow it off as a silly question.  Engage him and help him to learn to think in new ways.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63051
Personally, when standing in a relaxed position, my elbows bend one way, my knees bend in the opposite direction, so logic would indicate that one is bending forward, one is bending backwards ( in relationship to my body). My wrists also bend forward if I pick up a pen from my desk while in a sitting position and they bend backwards if I hold a plate on the palm of my hand. So your 8 year old can feel confident that our joints bend in proper proportional direction in relation to the the job required of the joint.

QUESTION ID: 3E4I67OFXBFLST6
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many stars are their in the sky?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78218
Estimates are between 10^22 to 10^24 for the universe.http://www.esa.int/esaSC/SEM75BS1VED_extreme_0.htmlFrom the site in the source -Like the number of grains of sand on the beach or angels that can dance on the head of a pin, the number of stars in the sky remains a great unknown. Discussing the number of stars in the Milky Way alone, astronomer William Keel, writing for the sci.astro Galaxies FAQ, claims that there are about as many as the number of hamburgers sold by McDonald s. Then he elaborates. The usual way to determine the number of stars in the universe is to consider how many stars there are in the Milky Way, and then to multiply that number by our best guesstimate at the number of galaxies in the universe. This FAQ suggests there are probably about 400 billion stars in the Milky Way, although a 50% error either way is quite plausible. As for the number of galaxies in the universe, well that s a whole separate mathematical puzzle.Other star enumerators we located on the Web offer numbers ranging from more than 200 billion stars in our galaxy to 3 thousand million billion stars (3 followed by 16 zeroes), in the universe. NASA alleges there are zillions of uncountable stars.From a recent astronomy news article on CNN.com, we learned about the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, an ambitious astronomy project currently mapping the night sky, to determine the positions and absolute brightnesses of more than 100 million celestial objects. So stay tuned, the star count is still out.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26607
The hair you have on your head*The hair you have on your head (unless you are bald) + 13201
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26608
Numbers without count.Does the estimate of:1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 starsreally mean anything?If that estimate was 100 times larger or 100 times smaller, you would not see any difference from earth.Would a comparison make a difference?  The number of stars is just about the same as the number of hydrogen molecules in 2 grams of hydrogen gas (about 22.5 liters).  The human mind cannot comprehend numbers this large.

QUESTION ID: 3F3Z8EZLGT85LDL
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i write a refrence for a college applicant?
QUESTION CONTENT: can i get a basic outline?  I just don t know how to start.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 26674
What they really want to know is how their work habits are, reliability, ability to take things on, etc.  Don t worry about a professional reference at all, they are not grading you, they just want your basic opinion on what to expect from this person as a student.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78301
Hope this gives you some ideas;Dear _________________:   I have known Joe Smith for 3 years. In that time, I was watched him develop into an outstanding sportsman, good writer and excellent neighbor.  Joe s athletic talents are well known to the school and the community. He has been a member of the J.V. and Varsity baseball and basketball teams. In addition, he has voluntarily assisted the basketball coaching staff train the boys and girls at the middle school.  In addition to being an excellent sportsman Joe is a talented writer authoring articles for the school paper and the town journal. He also writes and maintains an excellent web  site dedicated to community sports.   Although Joe is known as an excellent student, sportsman, and writer his outstanding strengthen is being a great neighbor. For example, since he was 9 years old every winter for free he has shoveled in front of the sidewalks of all the elderly people on his block, he has taught almost all the younger children her how to ride their two wheelers, and he has picked up groceries for widow Maze every single week!    Joe would be an excellent addition to ______________College.                                                Sincerely,

QUESTION ID: 3KMHNL0DYQR6Y06
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you stop an appendicitis from happening? Is there a way to cleanse it?
QUESTION CONTENT: I know My appendics is about to flare up.  I need to jknow if there is a way to avoid this by cleaning it out etc.I already know all the medical aspects of an appendicitis.  I need to know if there is something you can do to prevent surgery.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 22611
There is no reliable way to prevent appendicitis that will avoid death. Go to the doctor, get it checked out and get it fixed.  However, I ve never heard of appendicitis flaring up .  IANAD, but from what I ve heard, you get it, you get it fixed or you die.Hopefully you ve gone to the doctor already.  I ll bet it s gallstones.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69051
The cause of appendicitis is generally unknown, but the leading theory is that obstruction of the appendiceal orifice is the inciting factor. Obstruction may come from fecal matter lodged in the appendix, impaction of mucous, a small tumor (such as a carcinoid), or even a small blood clot. Viral infections, which can cause ulceration of the lining, can also lead to obstruction of the appendix through enlargement of lymph nodes in its walls, a possible explaination for seasonal variations in rates of appendicitis and clustering of cases. Regardless of the cause, obstruction of the appendix may lead to progressive appendiceal distension. This distension increases the pressure within the appendix, which in turn impairs its blood supply. Deprived of blood, the appendix loses the ability to fight infection and fecal bacterial begin to grow out of control. Although spontaneous recovery can rarely occur, with time and lack of treatment the walls of the appendix eventually become gangrenous from the infection and lack of blood flow. As bacteria begin to leak out through the dying walls, pus forms within and around the appendix (suppuration). The end result of this cascade is appendiceal rupture causing peritonitis, which may lead to septicemia and eventually death.Although the progression described above is traditionally taught in medical schools, histories of patients operated for appendicitis do not often correlate well with such a process. Specificly, those with atypical histories have findings at surgery that are consistent with a suppurative process that starts at the onset of symptoms and then smolders. Patients with typical histories may have findings suggesting resolution. Histories to suggest rupture of the appendix while patients are being diagnosticly observed are exceedingly rare. In any case, early operation is the best treatment for either type of appendicitis.Diagnosis is based on history and physical examination backed by blood tests and imaging.The classical physical finding in appendicitis is diffuse pain in the umbilical region which can become localised at McBurney s point if the inflammed appendix comes into contact with the parietal peritoneum. This point is located on the right-hand side of the abdomen one-third of the distance between the anterior superior iliac spine and the navel.Other physical findings include right sided tenderness on a digital rectal exam. Since the appendix normally lies on the right, if a finger is inserted into the rectum and there is tenderness when pressure is applied toward the right it increases the liklihood that the patient has appendicitis.Other signs used in the diagnosis of appendicitis are the psoas sign (useful in retrocecal appendicitis), the obturator (internus) sign, Blumberg s sign, and Rovsing s sign.Ultrasonography and Doppler sonography also provide useful means to detect appendicitis, especially in children. In some cases (15% approximately), however, ultrasonography of the iliac fossa does not reveal any abnormalities despite of present appendicitis. This is especially true of early appendicitis before the appendix has become significantly distended and in adults where larger amonts of fat and bowel gas make actually seeing the appendix technically difficult. Despite these limitations, in experienced hands sonographic imaging can often distinguish between appendicitis and other diseases with very similar symptoms such as inflammation of lymph nodes near the appendix or pain originating from other pelvic organs such as the ovaries or fallopian tubes.In places where it is readily available, CT scan has become the diagnostic test of choice, especially in adults. A properly performed CT scan with modern equipment has a detection rate (sensitivity) of over 95% and a similar specificity. Signs of appendicitis on CT scan include lack of contrast (oral dye) in the appendix and direct visualization of appendiceal enlargement (greater than 6 mm in diameter on cross section). The inflammation caused by appendicitis in the surrounding peritoneal fat (so called fat stranding ) can also be observed on CT, providing a mechanism to detect early appendicitis and a clue that appendicitis may be present even when the appendix is not well seen. Thus, diagnosis of appendicitis by CT is made more difficult in very thin patients and in children, both of whom tend to lack fat within the abdomen.Appendicitis can be treated by removal of the appendix through a surgical procedure called an appendicectomy (also known as an appendectomy).Often the operation can be performed via a laparoscopic approach, or via small incisions with a camera to visualize the area of interest in the abdomen. If the appendix is ruptured, a laparotomy will generally be necessary.Antibiotics are often given intravenously to help kill remaining bacteria and thus reduce the inflammation.

QUESTION ID: 3L1O7DCOWEZY278
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many ways can you be out in cricket and what are they?
QUESTION CONTENT: Hey, I am blogging for Yahoo! Sport throughout the Ashes, so to read and comment on my latest blog visit http://uk.sports.yahoo.com/cr/ashes/david-lloyd/article/154/mark-butcher-we-waited-14-months-for-that.David Bumble Lloyd is also blogging with me, so to read all our posts, go to http://uk.yahoo.com/david-lloyd
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14099
4 and they are bowled,stumped, run out and lbw (leg before wicket)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37297
Laws 30 to 39 discuss the various ways a batsman may be dismissed. In addition to these 10 methods, a batsman may retire out. That provision is in Law 2.Law 30: Bowled. A batsman is out if his wicket is put down by a ball delivered by the bowler. It is irrelevant as to whether the ball has touched the bat, glove, or any part of the batsman before going on to put down the wicket, though it may not touch another player or an umpire before doing so. Law 31: Timed out. An incoming batsman must be ready to face a ball (or be at the crease with his partner ready to face a ball) within 3 minutes of the outgoing batsman being dismissed, otherwise the incoming batsman will be out. Law 32: Caught. If a ball hits the bat or the hand holding the bat and is then caught by the opposition within the field of play before the ball bounces, then the batsman is out. Law 33: Handled the ball. If a batsman wilfully handles the ball with a hand that is not touching the bat without the consent of the opposition, he is out. Law 34: Hit the ball twice. If a batsmanhits the ball twice other than for the purposes of protecting his wicket or with the consent of the opposition, he is out. Law 35: Hit wicket. If, after the bowler has entered his delivery stride and while the ball is in play, a batsman puts his wicket down by his bat or his person. The striker is also out hit wicket if he puts his wicket down by his bat or his person in setting off for a first run. Person includes the clothes and equipment of the batsman. Law 36: Leg before wicket. If the ball hits the batsman without first hitting the bat, but would have hit the wicket if the batsman was not there, and the ball does not pitch on the leg side of the wicket the batsman will be out. However, if the ball strikes the batsman outside the line of the off-stump, and the batsman was attempting to play a stroke, he is not out. Law 37: Obstructing the field. If a batsman wilfully obstructs the opposition by word or action, he is out. Law 38: Run out. A batsman is out if at any time while the ball is in play no part of his bat or person is grounded behind the popping crease and his wicket is fairly put down by the opposing side. Law 39: Stumped. A batsman is out when the wicket-keeper  puts down the wicket, while the batsman is out of his ground and not attempting a run.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37298
There are ten ways for a batsman to be dismissed. Many modes of dismissal require the wicket to be put down . The wicket is put down if a bail is dislodged from the top of the stumps; or if a stump is struck out of the ground either by the ball, or by a fielder using his hand which is holding the ball. Of the following ten modes of dismissal, the first six are common, while the last four are technicalities which rarely occur.Caught ??? When a fielder catches the ball before the ball bounces and after the batsman has struck it with the bat or it has come into contact with the batsman s glove while it is in contact with the bat handle. The bowler and catcher are both credited with the dismissal. (Law 32) Bowled ??? When a delivered ball hits the stumps at the batsman s end, and dislodges one or both of the bails. This happens regardless of whether the batsman has edged the ball onto the stumps or not. The bowler is credited with the dismissal. (Law 30) Leg before wicket (LBW) ??? When a delivered ball misses the bat and strikes the batsman s leg or pad, and the umpire judges that the ball would otherwise have struck the stumps. The laws of cricket stipulate certain exceptions in favour of the batsman; for instance, a batsman should not be given out LBW if the place where the ball bounced on the pitch is to the leg-side of the area strictly between the two wickets. The purpose of this rule is to prevent the batsman from unfairly using his pads to obstruct the passage of the ball without striking it. The bowler is credited with the dismissal. Run out ??? When a fielder, bowler or wicket-keeper removes one or both of the bails with the ball by hitting the stumps whilst a batsman is still running between the two ends. The ball can either hit the stumps directly or the fielder s hand with the ball inside it can be used to dislodge the bails. Such a dismissal is not officially credited to any player, although the identities of the fielder or fielders involved is often noted in brackets on the scorecard. Stumped ??? When the batsman leaves his crease in playing a delivery, voluntarily or involuntarily, but the ball goes to the wicket-keeper who uses it to remove one or both of the bails through hitting the bail(s) or the wicket before the batsman has remade his ground. The bowler and wicket-keeper are both credited. This generally requires the keeper to be standing within arm s length of the wicket, which is done mainly to spin bowling. (Law 39) Hit wicket ??? When the batsman accidentally knocks the stumps with either the body or the bat, causing one or both of the bails to be dislodged, either in playing a shot or in taking off for the first run. The bowler is credited with the dismissal. (Law 35) Handled the ball ??? When the batsman deliberately handles the ball without the permission of the fielding team. No player is credited with the dismissal. (Law 33) Hit the ball twice ??? When the batsman deliberately strikes the ball a second time, except for the sole purpose of guarding his wicket. No player is credited with the dismissal. (Law 34) Obstructing the field ??? When a batsman deliberately hinders a fielder from attempting to field the ball. No player is credited with the dismissal. (Law 37) Timed out ??? When a new batsman takes more than three minutes to take his position in the field to replace a dismissed batsman (If the delay is protracted, the umpires may cause the match to be forfeited). This rule prevents the batting team using time limits of the game to unfair advantage. No player is credited with the dismissal. (Law 31)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37299
There s one other way, in addition to the others mentioned above, but it involves the whole team being out:The umpire looks at the ball, decides there s been foul play and... ahem.. awards the whole match to England!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37300
10 but dont know all of em tho
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37301
Hello ,There are 10 ways in which you can get out :-CaughtBowledLeg before wicket (LBW) Run out Stumped Hit wicket Hit the ball twice Timed out Handled the ballObstructing the ballThere is also one another way :-retired out; no player is credited with the dismissal.Thanks , I will continuously keep on answering your questions.Autograph please .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37302
As far as i am aware off the top of my head you are out for...Being bowled directly.Being stumped while running.Being stumped by advancing from the crease to take a shot.Being caught out.The infamous and oft contravercial LBW where the umpire judges that the ball struck you leg pad blocking what would ve been a bowled.If you hit your own wickett from a deflection off your body or bat from a ball (excluding bouncers).Knocking your own wickett over by your bat, body or foot etc while being in bat. (thanks warney for last year!)and one of the more obscure ones i beleive is touching the ball with your hands while batting, i think that is classed as tampering and can be given as an out if the opposition appeal... i think i saw this in a test match a few years ago.and thats not out if the ball strikes your hand... as i remember the out was given because the batsman flipped the ball to the opposition with his hands as a gesture of friendly play... and they rewarded him by appealing and having him gone...hope it wasn t you mark... lol

QUESTION ID: 3L8ZNXCGLB3Z3RL
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78393
Light from the Sun (white light) is made up of many colours - red, green, blue, and so on. Each of these colours has a different wavelength and frequency. When light reaches the atmosphere it hits gas molecules which scatter the light in all directions. This scattering is called Rayleigh scattering after Lord Rayleigh who worked out the mathematical equations to describe it. So how does Rayleigh scattering work? Rayleigh scattering only happens when the molecules of gas encountered by the light waves are small compared to the wavelength of the light. What???s strange about Rayleigh scattering is that not all of the light is scattered evenly. Some wavelengths are scattered more. With white light, mostly the light of shorter wavelengths (the blue end of the visible range) is scattered whilst the longer wavelengths(the red end) are mostly uneffected. This means the blue light is scattered more than the red. But violet light has the shortest wavelength so why isn???t the sky violet? Well it???s true that the violet light is scattered more than the blue light, but our eyes aren???t so good at picking up violet light. This means we see the sky as being blue even though there is some violet light there too.The above information was taken from these sources:(http://www.sciencenet.org.uk/database/Physics/Original/p00125d.html)and,(http://groups.google.com/groups?q=why+is+sky+blue%3F&hl=en&selm=33C461D4.24E0B9%40flash.net&rnum=9)The same question was asked here and answered by several( u have 256 posts) check here http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result;_ylt=AvQtqkIeHFX.4oQBeZDimG1izKIX?p=why+is+sky+blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78394
Welcome to Yahoo! Answers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78395
The blue color of the sky is due to Rayleigh scattering. As light moves through the atmosphere, most of the longer wavelengths pass straight through. Little of the red, orange and yellow light is affected by the air.However, much of the shorter wavelength light is absorbed by the gas molecules. The absorbed blue light is then radiated in different directions. It gets scattered all around the sky. Whichever direction you look, some of this scattered blue light reaches you. Since you see the blue light from everywhere overhead, the sky looks blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78396
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88615
If you did a search, you wouldn t have to ask this question again, but thanks for the easy 2 points.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88616
the sky is blue because there is nothing blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88617
because its blue hahahahahahah
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88618
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away fromthe direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue

QUESTION ID: 3LKL273UJJ2QPG7
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you deal with not making it into a play?
QUESTION CONTENT: I recently auditioned for Anne of Green Gables at one of my favorite local theaters downtown, but the director hadnt ever seen me perform before, and I didn t make it. I m so depressed about not making it into this play. Today was supposed to be their first rehearsal, and when I saw the time when I was supposed to be there, I started crying. There are no more auditioning opportunities for people my age until about April, in my school and in my community. How do I deal with this?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6800
Aww, that really does suck!!!I suggest over the next few months building up your acting skills!!...whether it s drama lessons outside of school..or even by yourself..Practise acting infront of a mirror..get some monolgues and practise them..film them and watch them back and critic them..see what you can do better..and pick a wide range of emotions one day you could do a happy monologue the next angry..and the next dramatic..do different things like that and push yourself..you may feel embarressed but your only by yourself and no one is watching you so just play around with some scripts and see what you can do!!As I said before..are there any drama schools around you? or like performing arts schools? because I suggest doing a musical theatre course..that consists of dancing, singing and acting as singing and dancing always look good on a resume and gives you advantages if you want to be an actor...And I know you may be depressed, but I think you should practise..and do things like that..practise your singing, acting and dancing and just do things like that and then next time and the audition surprise them with how brilliantly you are now.Also, remember there may have not been a suitable role for you...so it s not necassarily that they thought you couldn t act or whatever, it s just there may have not been any roles that would fit in with what you could do..So try not to take it to heart..Xx
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7803
Awww man that is pretty harsh. Try picking up a new hobby.I know how it feels, I have been rejected so many times but now I am a famous actress in my community. In almost every show I audition for I get a lead role. Just keep practicing your time will come.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67178
I was in drama club back in school, way back in the day. It s tough to put yourself out there and give it your all only to not get the part. But it s part of being in theatre. You learn from the experience. It s nothing against you personally, they just had someone else in mind for that certain part. Find out what they re planning for April and immerse yourself into it. Study all the roles you could possibly be considered for. Audition for them all. Even the ones you don t think you d really want. If you still don t get the part, at least you ve gained the experience and broadened your horizons. Each part you audition for expands your abilities. Sure, some people are good at certain types of roles, but being versatile is even better. Take for example my younger brother. (This is hilarious.) He went to an all-boys school and the play for that year was Hamlet. All the male roles were taken. But he was required to participate. So he took the role of Ophelia. He hated it, but he actually ended up stealing the show. He s by nature a comic, so he brought his own flavor to Ophelia. A tragedy inadvertently turned dark comedy. (Think Shakespeare meets Chris Farley.) Remember to always bring your own talents to whatever role you audition for. ;)  So chin up for now, and next time go knock em dead!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67179
I m sorry you didn t make the show... however, if you plan on making a career, or even a big hobby, out of performing, you will be let down a lot more often than you will get the part. It s a harsh activity. However, it s not all doom and gloom. Keep your head up. Like you said, the director had never seen you before so others may have had an advantage in that respect. There are a number of factors that go into casting that have nothing to do with ability.I suggest, like some others have, that you keep practicing. Get some monologues you love and work them until you feel that they are part of you. This will give you something to do in your downtime too! The most important thing to do is to audition for EVERYTHING. You ll get something eventually, and once you do, you ll forget everything you didn t make... and you ll get more exposure. Keep it up if acting is what you love, it s a tough world but the rewards, I feel, are truly worth all the strife a hundred times over :) BREAK A LEG!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67180
Well - as a professional performer i have learned to deal with rejection. Most of the time the director has someone or  certin image in his or her mind of what they want. And sometimes - we are just not it! Just as long as you keep faith and confidence in your abilities your big break will come! Just make sure you train in voice, dance, and acting if you really want it that bad!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67181
Being turned down is never fun. But, it is a part of life. It really sucks in the beginning, but after you have given some time, things ease up. Whenever I ve been turned down, I immediately would go to my director and ask if I could help backstage. I ve found my niche with props and love being backstage, soaking up the magic of theatre, while I await for the time that I can go on stage some day. Being backstage is great. Whether it be with props, costumes, make-up, stage managing, or just some random person back there in the shadows,  you feel like an important part in making the magic happen. You meet such wonderful, crazy people who become your bizarre family. People respect you for the good job and hard work you do, well besides my stage manager last year, but she was just a little...*insert word here*. lol. Also by doing this you let the director see how responsible and reliable you are at doing your part, and may develop a close bond with them. So, next time at auditions, you may have a better chance at getting a role as the director will know that they can trust you, rather than someone they have never seen before in their lives, who they aren t sure if they can trust, whether they re a good actor or not. Just keep at it, continuing practicing, taking lessons, classes, etc. and getting involved how ever you can. I m sure one day that you will get that part that you have always dreamed of. Good luck! =)

QUESTION ID: 3LLRBA11S5AJHQ0
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I make my [possibly]terminally ill friend more comfortable?
QUESTION CONTENT: Eight years ago, one of my best friends was diagnosed with thyriod cancer. The disease was in it s earliest stages and therefore was quickly treated and cleared. She just found out a few days ago that it has returned, metastisized, and is treateable, but probably not curable. Though she is puting on an extremely strong front, I know she s devastated. She s only 22-years-old and I know she s scared.I ve gone through all of the typical methods of being there and coping ...but at this point, I m looking for a more unconventional way to cheer her up. Does anyone have any ideas?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 42761
I think that giving her some normal time would be great.  Feeling normal again - a day at a spa with a make over, etc., what ever she used to do before the diagnosis that she hasn t been able to do since.  If that is impossible, then look into a gentle yoga class.  It calms the mind and the body.  Also, there are a few teas that help the immune system~ Numi - Rooibos, Organic Red Mellow Bush, Earthy Vanilla Healer (My personal favorite), High in anti-oxidants, full of minerals, and very relaxing.The Republic of Tea - Pink Lemonade Green Tea, Sip for the cure, Anti-oxidants and disease preventitives.Traditional Medicinals - Organic Echinacea Plus, supports the immune system, Improves Immune Health.Yogi Tea Healing Formula - Ginseng Royal Vitality, Daily energy tonic, Supports increased stamina and mental clarity.A little gift basket with a tea cup and these teas, etc. would be a nice gift.  I ve received something simular as a gift and it was so sweet that someone that loves me wanted to *help* me get better.Good luck to your friend!!Jen
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86650
Do you have a Hospice in your area? If so, contact them and they will help you with this question. The have many booklets which I m sure they will send to you....

QUESTION ID: 3NAF2VURLNHZMW8
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you find the points of intersection of two polar functions?
QUESTION CONTENT: An example problem would be r=1-2cos(??) and r=1.I can find (1,??/2) and (1, 3??/2) via solving with a system of equations (1=1-2cos(??) ), but I can t find the intersect at (??,1). What is the generally accepted way to do this?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3090
it would be to your advantage if you know the graph of the functions... you can expect where to find your points of intersection...then equate f(??) = g(??)to get the angles where they might be located...if you know the graph and you expect more points ... use symmetrythen get r if you know ??you dont have a specific example... sometimes a change in the equation is necessary ... if the curve has symmetries...??
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3091
Really pretty much the same way you find the points of intersection of a function in Cartesian coordinates. You are simply trying to find some ?? for which r1(??) = r2(??), just as in Cartesian terms you would be trying to find some x such that f(x) = g(x).UPDATE: For your specific case, you have to take account of the fact that the curves intersect not only when 1 - cos(2??) equals 1, but also when it equals -1. So you have an intersection with r(??) = 1 (a circle) at cos(??) = 0 (??/2, 3??/2) but also when cos(??) = 1 (0, 2??). There isn t an intersection at ?? = ??. 1 - 2 cos(??) = 3.This is true in general. It is more accurate to state that intersections occur when |r1(??)| = |r2(??)|. If you forget this you can drop solutions.

QUESTION ID: 3ODEY48JHKFM0VQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why isnt Cancer curable?
QUESTION CONTENT: Why?despite the fact there are many different kinds of cancer, but why isnt curable?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9555
I have a feeling a cure has been found, but too much money is being made by it all.... the drug companies, the jobs it gives, all of the fundraisers, etcIf they had a cure the government and a whole wack of agencies would be out of money and jobs. So why would they be honest? They know cigarettes are deadly and a huge cause for cancer, but the government allows it and doesnt pull them from the shelf because its a money pot.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52089
The short answer to this is, yes. Many people are cured of their cancers - but unfortunately some are not.There are three important factors which affect the chance of having a cure: the type of cancer, how advanced that cancer is when it is discovered, and how well the cancer responds to treatment.Cancer is not a single disease. There are hundreds of different types of cancer and each of these different types has different chances of cure. So, for example, cures are very common in conditions like breast cancer, bowel cancer, testicular cancer, skin cancer and Hodgkin lymphoma, but they are much less common in cancers of the lung, pancreas and stomach.For any one type of cancer, a tumour that is diagnosed when it is small and has not spread at all will always have a better chance of a cure than one that is only discovered when it is more advanced, and has grown to a large size and sent seedlings, called secondary cancers, to other parts of the body. So, for example, a bowel cancer that has not spread beyond the lining of the wall of the bowel is usually completely cured by an operation whereas a bowel cancer that is only found when it has already sent seedlings to the liver is only rarely curable. On the other hand, with cancers that are very sensitive to treatment, such as Hodgkin lymphoma or testicular cancer, most people can still be cured even when the cancer has developed widespread secondaries.It is important to mention that modern cancer treatments are also improving cure rates. Many kinds of cancer that were almost always incurable fifty years ago are now routinely cured by modern day therapies.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52090
The Creator of Life, Disease, Relief, Cure, ... blessed with options ... always ... Seek and you ll find answers to all our questions Carcincure??? This herbal formulation is prepared to relieve patients  from dreaded effects of the cancer chemotherapy and radiation. And also as you see from the info provided it has proven direct effects on the cancer cells. And they don???t charge anything for this SOURCEhttp://www.saigangapanacea.com/products.htmlCANCER Treatments weblinksAyurvedahttp://www.cancer-treat.comsurvived patientshttp://www.cancer-treat.com/patiens.htmlAyurvedahttp://www.gpinstitute.comsurvived patientshttp://www.gpinstitute.com/cases/cases.htmHomeopathy survived patientshttp://www.drchaitanyas.com/cancer.htmAyurved + Allopathy (Herbal)http://www.saigangapanacea.com/products.htmlSurvived patients Travelling around the world educating others to prevent cancerhttp://www.whattimetuesday.comControlling&Preventing Cancer10 Food Habitshttp://healthyfoodandliving.com/2007/05/05/10-facts-about-cancer/10 FACTShttp://healthyfoodandliving.com/2007/05/15/facts-about-cancer/Toxicity&pharmaceuticalshttp://healthyfoodandliving.com/2007/06/23/a-short-reminder/Brain&Painhttp://www.uppercervicalillustrations.com/simple_explanation.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52091
Many pharmaceutical labs are working on cures. It takes years of research and development. Then they have to do double blind drug studies. It takes a long time to evaluate the results of these. Then they have to go for FDA approval.There may be cures for some types of cancer now, but they aren t yet available to the general public.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71278
Well . . there is no cure for all cancers, that is true. And, the reason is because cancer is a mutation of the DNA in each individuals cells. What people fail to understand is that just because there is not one overall cure for the disease, does not mean that there is no treatment. Keep in mind that there is no cure for the common cold either.Even though there is no cure for cancer, there is treatment that can lead to individual remission and cure. Cancer is a progressive disease and if found early, can be removed and essentially cured .  Cancer starts out very small and at the first three stages of the disease has the potential to be cured or put into remission using chemotherapy, radiation, or surgery. When people think of cancer . . they almost always think of advanced cancers . . and they are the most difficult to treat and most difficult to cure . It is stage IV cancer that the public thinks of as cancer . . and fail to make the distinction about the stages. The reason that stage IV or advanced cancer has such a bad reputation is because it becomes mobile (metastatic). . the mutated cells can travel through the blood or lymphatic system, lodge in another part of the body, and start new tumors. This is difficult to treat and cure. However, there are patients who have had stage IV disease cured . . (Lance Armstrong was a stage IV patient over ten years ago). So, there are individuals who respond well to chemotherapy, radiation, and can have their tumors totally resected . . and that can lead to cure.  But there is not a guarantee that every individual will respond in the same way due to the unique chemical make up of each and every person. Cancer almost needs to be treated on an individual basis. That is why it is so difficult to find effective treatments for all patients, all the time, and why it is not considered curable at this time.  Research is ongoing though, and there are now newer medications coming along. One of the more recent goals has been to find medication to CONTROL the cancer, much the way that diabetics can control diabetes with insulin. Thus, in some cases cancer is becoming a chronic disease that can be controlled by proper medication.  (Incidentally . . there isn t any cure for diabetes or many other diseases either . .it isn t just cancer).What seems to be happening within research for cancer at the moment is that attention is being drawn to the unique proteins found within the various types of tumors. The tumors need the protein in order to exist, without they die. Research and clinical trials have focused on targeting those unique proteins for each type of cancer . . and . . unfortunately there is not enough money to study each type of cancer (think of it as studying over 200 different diseases and not just one). Most research money and funding has gone for only one or two types of cancer (breast, lung, colon) and not all the others.Take a close look at a new drug called Imatinib Mesylate to see its effect on chronic myeloid leukemia and gastrointestinal stromal tumor. NCI: Gleevechttp://www.cancer.gov/newscenter/qandagleevecResearch continues.

QUESTION ID: 3P17HXNNRY3G4FL
QUESTION SUBJECT: Can someone explain Moneyball to me... and why it was succesful?
QUESTION CONTENT: What other sports could the principles behind moneyball be used to gain an advantage over rival teams that have more money.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 61685
Lewis book is a good read -- find the new edition with the added afterword chapter, which was (to me) just brilliant, his take on the aftermath of the original release and how various barbs flew between front offices and the media.The concept is very similar to the derivatives market: identify successful approaches, figure out the critical components that feed into that success, and buy them up. In more direct baseball terms:a. identify what types of performance scores runs (on offense) or prevents runs from scoring (pitching or on defense). (The picture is typically clearer to resolve on offense.)b. highlight the areas of desirable performance that OTHER TEAMS ARE NOT CONCENTRATING ON (this is important).c. identify players who provide those types of performance.d. acquire those players who are affordable (cheap).e. set yourself up for a continuous stream of cheap, winning talent by stocking your farm system.It s a good way of getting the biggest bang for your bucks, particularly if you have limited bucks.Beane s Athletics demonstrated success with this approach for several years, as measured by winning records and division titles. He built the sort of roster that could beat up lesser teams and hold its own against equal teams (which tended to have much higher payrolls). Over the course of the season, it works; but in the postseason, with the short-series, elimination format, the edge provided is greatly reduced. There s very fewer chances to recover from a mistake or a bad game, and the other teams in October are also pretty good. That the A s, under Beane, haven t won a title (or even a pennant) is not refutation of the policy, just validation that the policy does have a known weakness. The postseason isn t a complete crapshoot, but luck does become a bigger factor than during the season.As Beane himself said: My (stuff) doesn t work in the play-offs. My job is to get us to the play-offs. What happens after that is (just) luck. (Moneyball, 2003 first edition, p. 275; edited for explicit content)Enough other teams have started paying attention to some of the metrics and qualities that Beane focused on that most of the advantage in the offensive side of the game has evaporated.Remember, the title is Moneyball , and that really is a giveaway. Find winning talent for pennies where other teams spend dollars.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3575
First off, those saying that Moneyball fails as a philosophy are likely misunderstanding the concept.The Moneyball philosophy is not about any one aspect like drafting based on performance, finding players with high OBPs, or signing cheap young talent.  Instead, it s about exploiting the market to find value where others miss it.  The example of OBP is a good one to use - Beane and company were very high on hitters who walked on lot, and that s a point they talk about a lot in the book.  After the book came out, the A s and Beane continued to look for hidden value, not only on offense but also in defensive performance.For those who feel that the philosophy failed because the A s didn t win a World Series, they need look no further than Boston to see that the approach can work.  The Sox took the same approach in finding players like David Ortiz (released by the Twins for taking too many pitches and being a power hitter) and Kevin Youkilis.  Theo Epstein is about as big a proponent of the philosophy that you ll find.  The A s may not have won a pennant, but the approach is not at fault.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20757
It sure has not done much to make their fans happy or get to the World Series, so it is a failure.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61686
Moneyball isn t the focus on OBP or SLG like some people believe.  Moneyball is the idea of building around factors that many teams don t look highly at.  When Billy Beane took over the A s, most teams disregarded stats like OBP for hitters in place of batting average.  At the same time pitchers disregarded stats like WHIP or K/9 IP for ERA and Wins.  Never was this more evident than when the Royals signed Storm Davis in 1990.  He had come off a 19-7 season and had an ERA of 4.36.  When asked why they signed a pitcher who was a product of his team s success (the 19 wins) over his own working (4.36 ERA), the GM at the time replied We look at the final product, not what he did to achieve it. 

QUESTION ID: 3PHAPMA0277YK84
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can I cope with the fact that my mom is dieing of very aggressive cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 38285
You do not mention what type of cancer or how long she has been fighting.My teenage son was diagnosed 22 months ago with a rare and aggressive abdominal sarcoma. He was able to undergo high dose chemotherapy for multiple tumors in the abdomen, chest wall, lympthatic system, spleen, large and small intestine, liver, lung, and right diaphragm. He also had two debulking surgery. He s done very well and has only a few nodules left on the liver.My point is that . . no one . . not even the doctor knows when someone is going to die. So, treat your Mom with love and respect and concentrate on how she is today . . right at this moment. Do not look into the future at all. Go be with her and enjoy her, talk, laugh, and be completely and totally honest at all times. Do not write her off . . on the other hand be realistic. You can be her source of strength . . you can smile and encourage and be her champion. Do not let her walk this journey alone.In my sons case, no one really knew if he would survive or not. He was filled with cancer and malignant ascites. It was all pretty grim. But we maintained a positive attitude, lived each day as they came around, and just became determined to follow the path no matter which direction it took us in. We stayed by his side and felt that helping him on a journey that might include death was as important as doing everything in our power to see that he lived.Be strong, and do the best you can. In your situation that is all that anyone can do.Peace to you.P.S. Just to correct misinformation about Lance Armstrong. He used high dose chemotherapy BEP (Bleomycin, Etoposide and Platinol) chemotherapy, followed by three rounds of VIP chemotherapy (Ifosfamide, Etoposide and Platinol.) and two surgeries to combat his cancer:http://www.livestrong.org/site/c.jvKZLbMRIsG/b.736583/k.C7AA/Lance.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38286
Honey I have no answer for you on how to deal with it. But going through a very similar situation. I would just like to say keep your faith and know that if she is in pain that she will no longer hurt once she is gone. You might hurt but I m sure she, as any other mother, would not want you to hurt very bad. Talk to her about her condition, ask her questions about dying, Are you ok with dying , How would you like me to handle the situation when you are gone I know that my mother wants me to be strong for my siblings and be there to hold them together. Just talk to her and let her know you love her very much, and ask if there is anything you can do for her to make her more comfortable or just do something really nice for her that you know she s wanted her entire life!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38287
Honey, i am so sorry about your Mom. I know exactly what you are going through. My mom got sick in 2003 with pancreatic cancer. The drs. said there was nothing they could do except keep her pain under control.They tried. but my mom suffered so  bad.I took care of her at home until the last week of her life,she was in hospital.the pain was unbearable for her.I stayed by her side day and night. kept telling her how much i loved her.Finally one night i took her hand and told her it was ok to go that i would be ok and that i loved her so much.She was unconsious but she heard me because i lost her the next morning 5 minutes before i got to her room.it was the first time i had left her side.When i got to her room i knew she was gone.I felt the angel of death at the door.I asked the nurses and docs if i could be alone with my mom.That s when i broke down, but i knew she wasn t suffering anymore.Coping with the fact that you are losing someone isn t easy,you just have to be strong for her and take it one day at a time.I think about my mom every day and i love and miss her so much, My thoughts and prayers are with you both.God Bless.If you need or want to talk my email is marjim1@localnet.com
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46059
put your needs aside right now, and be there for your mother

QUESTION ID: 3RU8ZUOI0N8FFDB
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I get rid of the computer headaches?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have an office job and I m on the computer for at least 8 hours a day.  My backs ends up hurting daily and I always get a headache.  This happens to me everyday and I hate feeling like crap when I leave the office.  I m not far sighted so I know it s not my vision.  How can I stop this from happening?My job is on the computer.  So I don t have the option of NOT looking at it.  Thanks.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70034
Pl use good screen. Pl try cold water bath and observe.If you have cough/cold body hot water bath will help.Pl try simple acupressure given below for immediate relief. If it fails you will have to go for Acupuncture.There is hardly any medicine for H/A OR MIGRAINE. Not only these but for RA, OA, Back ache and almost all painful diseases. Hence they become chronic.Acidity, WORRY, sadness, excessive wind, cold , heat, sour food and sinusitis, constipation, intestinal inflammation; drug side effects, stress, bad smell, TV&COMPUTER SOMETIMES, Blockage in the flow of Vital Energy, BODY CONSTITUTION etc are their causes. None of them can be treated with medicine. Our 100% success in treating migraine&H/A confirms it.Acupuncture is the best treatment. I can treat it with naturopathy and YOG, but how can you manage pl see.Pain killers don t treat the pain but we loose the sense of pain for some time; in that duration our body itself treats sometime and credit goes to meds.The useless drugs have tremendous power of side effects like liver/kidney failures, ulcer, inflammation of intestines and lot more. Avoid late sleeping if possible; worry, tension, spicy foods, sour fruits, stale bakery foods, SMOKING and alcohole.Sweet foods, COCOANUT WATER,sweet fruits, milk, rice, SPROUTS, SALADS and good sleep will help if cough is not there. But you try one herbal remedy- two drops of drumstick leaves juice in opposite nostril if one side pains and both nostrils if full H/A will give you rescue. Betel leaf helps but it is very strong. If it is acute pl search a painful point (with round tipped pen/jimmy) 3-6 mm behind your thumb nail and press it, H/A will disappear within 30 seconds.For forehead/eye pain the points are in front of nails on the finger tips or 3-7 mm below.It may disappear naturally too.Source(s):SHREE SWASTHYAYOG TREATMENT, TRAINING&RESEARCH INSTITUTER.H. 19, Jhulelal Society, Sector 2/E, Airoli, Navi Mumbai, INDIA.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4917
try sitting farther away from the computer. dont look at it so often./

QUESTION ID: 3S5YFQILITB5MP8
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to loose wieght and get in shape.?
QUESTION CONTENT: Hi, I know this probobly sounds repetative, because everyone is asking the same question. But just allow me to give you some brief info on myself and then maybe you can help me out.     Goals: to lose wieght and get back into shape.I work early in the morning from 6 am - about 1 or 2 pm.So that means i get up around 5 am to get ready for work. So working out early in the morning is out of the question.  When i come home i have normal prioritys and home work to do. Yes i have home work. I go to college from 5 to around 8:30 to 9 at night. Pretty much when i get home all i want to do is go to bed. Because i have to get up bright and early at 5.      So here is what i am asking. Please give me any info on diet and excersise. Anything would be great.Feal free to email me at admcalvin@yahoo.comThanks so much in advance
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 61984
Keep the fat and sodium down. Regardless of time constraints, there are still some things you can switch to make a healthier diet. Switch your carb snacks for fruits, ice cream for a cup of yogurt that sits in the freezer while you re at class. Switch white bread, pastas, and rice to wheat.When you feel like you re hungry, drink some water and wait 5-10 minutes. Then eat some fruit and wait 5 more. If you re still hungry, then eat... but I ve found that will often do the trick (I m a grazer). Switch your sugar for Splenda and keep some Crystal Light packets with you so you can just grab a bottle of water wherever you are (the Pomegranate/Cherry immunity one is delicious). You ll be amazed how much weight you ll lose just by cutting out sugar and making a couple of small changes.On days that you don t have much homework (hahaha), try to talk a 30 minute walk and if you can, double it on the weekends. Just do what you can, when you can. If you watch tv, do some exercises on commercials. Any little bit helps.It s a start. Good luck!ETA: You can sign up for a free online account here (I ve never gotten any spam or anything from them):http://www.fitday.com/WebFit/Index.htmlIt will keep track of exercise, calories (good and bad), and your progress. There are lots of good tools there. Hope that helps!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61985
1) Keep it simple firsthere s 2 articles on eating healthy -http://lose-quick-weight.blogspot.com/2007/08/lose-quick-weight-sensible-ways-to-shed.htmlhttp://diets-and-exercise.blogspot.com/2007/09/take-control-of-your-body-with-healthy.htmlAND steps for fat loss successhttp://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/11/6-steps-to-fat-loss-success-for.html2) Eat steam food, vegetables, fruits, lean meathttp://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/09/lose-10-pound-fast-key-superfoods-you.html3) drink plenty of water and green tea4) Avoid junk food, snacks and soda drinkshere s 5 Foods for Instant Healthier Diet http://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/11/5-foods-for-instant-healthier-diet.html5) have 5-6 healthy meals a day (1 plate size only) to keep the tummysatisfiedIf you re not too sure on how to plan it, try this linkhttp://best.helpme-loseweight.ever.com/6) exercise - combine weights  and interval training.  here s a review link to a worthwhile workout, turbulence traininghttp://www.squidoo.com/turbulencetrainingreviews/http://healthiest.turbulence-training-routine.ever.com/29 exercises you can do at home to burn belly fathttp://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/11/29-exercises-you-can-do-at-home-to-burn.htmlFor abs, read these blogs (great articles on abs) - http://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/09/abdominal-exercises-truth.htmlhttp://www.squidoo.com/thetruthabout-sixpackabs1/and for women after the age of 30http://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/11/how-women-can-get-six-pack-abs-even.htmland learn why crunches is not the answerhttp://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/11/how-to-get-6-pack-abs-without-doing.htmlhttp://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/09/what-is-best-ab-workout-for-belly-fat.htmlFor Thighs and Buttshttp://lose-quick-weight.blogspot.com/2007/11/best-thigh-exercises-for-sexy-thighs.html7)Don t focus on cardio only (it a waste of time!)http://lose-quick-weight.blogspot.com/2007/08/lose-quick-weight-cardio-is-waste-of.html 8)form a support group - invite friends, relatives, parents, partnersto participate in a healthy lifestyle, and keep you accountable.  Thisis important.9) plan to lose weight slowly (1-2 lbs a week), and progressivelyovertime increase yourgoals!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68719
College life tends to include a lot of walking, but if you drive, park a half mile from your class room.  That will give you two ten minute walks.  Take the steps in a hurry whenever you can.Write down everything you eat during three days, including snacks.  Take a look and you can probably find out some unhealthy and calorie heavy foods.Take time for breakfast so you are not hungry for snacks all morning long.

QUESTION ID: 3S7L8PZSC3B62CB
QUESTION SUBJECT: what is osteopathy.  how it works. what are the benefits derived.  whether it is permanantly effective.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76000
From Wikipedia, Osteopathic medicine (known as osteopathy in the past) is a branch of medicine which views the human body holistically, and emphasizes the prevention and treatment of illness and injury through the use of manual and physical therapies, along with traditional medical practices such as drugs and surgery. Doctors of Osteopathic medicine (D.O.s) educated in the United States are fully licensed physicians equivalent to M.D.s. Osteopaths educated in the United Kingdom and elsewhere have a scope of practice limited mainly to musculoskeletal conditions and treatment of some other conditions by manual means.The traditional osteopathic approach emphasizes the significance of the neuromusculoskeletal (NMS) system to one s general health and well-being, and the role of NMS dysfunction in the etiology of many diseases. A key goal of osteopathic medicine is the maintenance of healthy body mechanics using a holistic approach that also includes traditional western medicine.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24728
An osteopath is a fully licensed and acredited medical doctor, specializing in osteopathy.  The medicine he practices is simular to that of a chiropractor.  He is trained in the medical manipulation of the body to promote healing. An osteopath, being a medical doctor, can perscribe medications, which I do not think a chiropractor can. An osteopath CAN also be a surgeon.Your question is listed under alternative medicine, which is incorrect.  Osteopathic medicine is very mainstream.It worked for me.

QUESTION ID: 3S7SVHHMJPXMZRI
QUESTION SUBJECT: High Blood Pressure without insurance, how much it will cost?
QUESTION CONTENT: My mom is visiting me and she has high blood pressure problems and wants to see a doctor here. She doesnt have insurance in the U.S. How much it will cost to visit a doctor and how much for normal high blood pressure prescription? Thanks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86950
The cost of a Doctor s office visit varies widely.  It can be $50-$60 or it can be $200.Public clinic s can be a lower cost option  (with the trade off of a longer wait time).  But if your mom is not a resident of the county where you live, I don t know if a public clinic is a real option, but you might consider calling your county social services department or your county health department and asking that question.  There is, likewise, no typical cost for blood pressure medication.  Some medications may cost less than $20 for a month s supply, others may cost over $100.  If you make the doctor aware that cost is an issue, he/she should be willing to prescribe a lower cost medication.  Also, the doctor may be able to provide medicine samples.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43814
Tell your mom that she should not waste here time going to see a doctor about high blood pressure.  Doctors will charge her for their time and prescribe some medication.  I ve never heard of a body being deficient in drugs!  High blood pressure is a vitamin deficiency.  Here is a phone number for her to call and they will make some suggestions, sell her some products that will work and she will save the cost of seeing a doctor, pharmacists, and then save on the problems caused by the medications she is given.Call:  (310) 320 - 1132.  Anyone in the office can help her.  Believe me, this is the best solution and it will take about 1 month for her to see the results.  If it doesn t help her, she always has the option of seeing the expensive doctors.good luck to you

QUESTION ID: 3STYWA85V01P3VO
QUESTION SUBJECT: people think i am under developed and boys don t like me  so how do i make my boobs big and get my period?
QUESTION CONTENT: :no one likes me:I m ugly: want to get my period: and bigger boobs
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8770
I can tell you that confidence is the sexiest thing. Being popular needs confidence in yourself. To attract guys, you need to be confident as well. Emphasize what you DO have, instead of what you don t yet. Bigger boobs don t make you more attractive, they re just a plus. So dont think that tha ts the first thing guys look for. Imagine if you only dated a guy because he had a big penis, but he was ugly, stupid and fat. Would you really like him then? If there are guys who only like girls cause of their boobs, they are weird perverts. And, nobody can tell if you have your period or not! Just tell those who pressure you that you already have it, they ll never know! Good luck and feel good about yourself!!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30053
if you don t have your period yet then you are underdeveloped but once you hit puberty you boobs will grow, trust me if you need any female advice get ahold of me sometimes it is easier to ask someone who is a big sister than it is your mom
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30054
Wait for your hormones to kick in.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30055
Here s what you can expect to happen: Five Stages of Puberty - Girls 1  Age Range: Usually 8-11 In Stage 1 there are no outside signs of development, but a girl s ovaries are enlarging and hormone production is beginning.  2  Age Range: Usually 8-14. Average: 11-12 The first sign is typically the beginning of breast growth, including breast buds. A girl may also grow considerable height and weight. The first signs of pubic hair start out fine and straight, rather than curly.  3  Age Range: Usually 9-15. Average: 12-13 Breast growth continues, and pubic hair coarsens and becomes darker, but there still isn t a lot of it. Your body is still growing, and your vagina is enlarging and may begin to produce a clear or whitish discharge, which is a normal self-cleansing process. Some girls get their first menstrual periods late in this stage. 4  Age Range: Usually 10-16. Average: 13-14 Pubic hair growth takes on the triangular shape of adulthood, but doesn t quite cover the entire area. Underarm hair is likely to appear in thisstage, as is menarche. Ovulation (release of egg cells) begins in some girls, but typically not in a regular monthly routine until Stage 5. 5  Age Range: Usually 12-19. Average: 15 This is the final stage of development, when a girl is physically an adult. Breast and pubic hair growth are complete, and your full height is usually attained by this point. Menstrual periods are well established, and ovulation occurs monthly. Don t worry if you are a little slow, it can t be rushed and you have to wait for nature to takes its course.   Actually a lot of women find having a period to be a nuisance, so don t wish too hard for it to start early.

QUESTION ID: 3SVEF081V3SXJAK
QUESTION SUBJECT: why 911 is considered as the emergency number?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73190
In 1967, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) met with AT&T to establish such an emergency number. They wanted a number that was short and easy to remember. More importantly, they needed a unique number, and since 911 had never been designated for an office code, area code or service code, that was the number they chose.Soon after, the U.S. Congress agreed to support 911 as the emergency number standard for the nation and passed legislation making 911 the exclusive number for any emergency calling service. A central office was set up by the Bell System to develop the infrastructure for the system.On February 16, 1968, Alabama Senator Rankin Fite made the first 911 call in the United States in Haleyville, Alabama. The Alabama Telephone Company carried the call. A week later, Nome, Alaska, implemented a 911 system. In 1973, the White House s Office of Telecommunication issued a national statement supporting the use of 911 and pushed for the establishment of a Federal Information Center to assist government agencies in implementing the system. View my source for more detailed information on this topic...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16471
Because people call it for emercencies!!! Yesterday I saw a poster in a elementry school that had a list of non-emergency numbers and the police, fire department and poisen center were under it.

QUESTION ID: 3UFWPS56HJVHNLI
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do leafs gets brown or red in the fall?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74411
During winter, there is not enough light or water for photosynthesis. The trees will rest, and live off the food they stored during the summer. They begin to shut down their food-making factories. The green chlorophyll disappears from the leaves. As the bright green fades away, we begin to see yellow and orange colors. Small amounts of these colors have been in the leaves all along. We just can t see them in the summer, because they are covered up by the green chlorophyll. The bright reds and purples we see in leaves are made mostly in the fall. In some trees, like maples, glucose is trapped in the leaves after photosynthesis stops. Sunlight and the cool nights of autumn cause the leaves turn this glucose into a red color. The brown color of trees like oaks is made from wastes left in the leaves. It is the combination of all these things that make the beautiful colors we enjoy in the fall. http://www.sciencemadesimple.com/leaves.htmlGOOD LUCKParadiso
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16529
leafs have chloroplast on tehm most of the time, chloroplast is green and makes the leaf green too. in the winter, the leaves kind of hibernate and stop making chloroplast, since they don t make anymore chloroplast, their real colors show. The red, brown, yellow colors you see on leavse, are the real colors
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23117
Leaves get their green color from chlorophyll, a pigment found in plant leaves that enables them to process sunlight. Fall s shorter days and cooler temperatures cause the chlorophyll to move from the leaves to the branches, trunk, and roots, and the yellow and orange pigments that are always present become visible.Other chemical processes produce the brilliant reds, purples and bronzes. On warm fall days, sugar is produced in the leaves of some trees and then trapped by the chill of night. As sugar accumulates, the leaves turn brighter red.Factors that influence the amount of fall color the leaves will wear each year include:    * Rain    * Amount of sugar in the leaves    * Wind    * Temperatures
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23118
The color of a leaf results from an interaction of different pigments produced by the plant. The main pigment classes responsible for leaf color are porphyrins, carotenoids, and flavonoids. The color that we perceive depends on the amount and types of the pigments that are present. Chemical interactions within the plant, particularly in response to acidity (pH) also affect the leaf color. Check : http://chemistry.about.com/library/weekly/aa082602a.htm  for a complete list of pigments (and molecular structure) and the colour they produce.

QUESTION ID: 3VOJRJM1SNCESM3
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people think there is a big conspiracy in cancer research ?
QUESTION CONTENT: Why indeed ? How big would it have to be, you think ? All researchers and their graduate students ? Why not include their families too ? How much money do you think a scientist makes in cancer research ? Much less than a BSc in computer engeneering, that I know !Why do I suddenly feel stupid working in this field and want to quit for computer science ?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37970
My husbands ex wife found a compound that killed the cell s of some form of cancer overnight.  She turned in her findings and you know what happened......NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Ok......people are still suffering from it.She does make a considerable income in research, it is not the researcher that has any gain.  Look at the pharmaceutical companies, what if the ins. companies suddenly had to start paying for patients to get better.  It already take an act of God to even get an ins. company to admit you have anything that requires more than an antibiotic.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37971
As Hiscinder says, its the pharmacuetical companies that make the bucks, not the researchers.  If you did a study of the persecution of the doctors and others who have found ways of fighting cancer, it wouldn t take long to get the picture. The pharmacuetical companies have bought the colleges, TV, newspapers, medical journals, non-profit organizations,  and indirectly and directly, doctors - with their tremendous money for research (jobs), ads, etc. They are a VERY GOOD CUSTOMER of TV, magazines, newspapers, colleges, etc.  We all know how very good customers are treated. They influence what is taught, what is studied and even the results and what gets disseminated.  There is deception, they use ridicule, many ways to hide the truth from the public. They call early detection prevention - ha - think...is early detection prevention? When was the last time you were told what to eat and what to avoid to prevent cancer?  No, it is not ignorance to believe in a conspiracy, it is ignorance NOT to.

QUESTION ID: 3X7VBC62PVFBYQ5
QUESTION SUBJECT: Putting religion, faith and myth aside; why is 666 such a fascinating number?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 15446
666 is a really fascinating number. It is the sum of the squares of the first seven prime numbers.Since 36 is both square and triangular, 666 is the sixth number of the form n2(n2 + 1) / 2 (triangular squares) and the eighth number of the form n(n + 1)(n^2 + n + 2) / 8 (doubly triangular numbers.)There is no number whose value of Euler s totient function ?? is 666, making it a nontotient.The harmonic mean of the digits of 666 is an integer: 3/(1/6 + 1/6 + 1/6) = 6. 666 is the 54th number with this property.In base 10, 666 is a palindromic number, a repdigit and a Smith number. A prime reciprocal magic square based on 1/149 in base 10 has a magic total of 666.The Roman numeral representation of the number 666 (DCLXVI) uses once each the Roman numeral symbols with values under 1,000, and they occur in exact reverse order of their respective values (D = 500, C = 100, L = 50, X = 10, V = 5, I = 1).666 is the sum of all the numbers on a typical roulette wheel. (A typical roulette wheel is numbered from 1 to 36, with one (in Europe) or two (in North America) zeroes. See the point on triangular numbers, above.)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13553
666+999=1665;1+6+6+5=18;1+8=96+6+6=18;18=1+8=99+9+9=27;27=2+7=9,(any number added with 27 gives sum of digits to be 9)mirror image 0f 666=999999-666=333;3+3+3=9similarly for mul

QUESTION ID: 3XJ17V2NDNEJZFW
QUESTION SUBJECT: How are plateaus formed?
QUESTION CONTENT: Such as the ones in the desert Southwest of the U.S.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74096
plateau, elevated, level or nearly level portion of the earth s surface, larger in summit area than a mountain and bounded on at least one side by steep slopes, occurring on land or in oceans. Some plateaus, such as the Deccan of India and the Columbia Plateau of the NW United States, are basaltic and were formed as the result of a succession of lava flows covering hundreds of thousands of square miles that built up the land surface. Others are the result of upward folding; still others have been left elevated by the erosion of adjacent lands. Plateaus, like all elevated regions, are subject to dissection by erosion, which removes greater amounts of the upland surface. Low plateaus are often agricultural regions, while high plateaus are usually fit chiefly for stock grazing. Many of the world s high plateaus are deserts. Other notable plateaus are the Colorado Plateau of the W United States, the Bolivian plateau in South America, and the plateaus of Anatolia, Arabia, Iran, and the Tibet region of China.Info from Wikipedia:In geology and earth science, a plateau (alternatively spelt in a false French spelling pl??teau, the real spelling in French being plateau) is an area of highland, usually consisting of relatively flat open country if the uplift was recent in geologic history. Plateaus (or pl??teaux), like mesas and buttes, are formed when land has been uplifted by tectonic activity and then eroded by wind or water. Flat-topped, sheer-sided plateaus, like the tepuis of Guiana, are formed when a section of land is uplifted that is topped with a layer of particularly resistant rock, and underlain by softer rock.Plateau is also used to describe undersea geologic formations. Some undersea plateaus, like the Seychelles plateau, are fragments of continental crust that lie separate from continents; they are analogous to continental shelves, but without the continents. Some, like the Seychelles, have peaks that rise from the sea as islands; others rest entirely below the surface. Other undersea plateaus were formed by outpourings of flood basalts, and were never associated with continents; the vast Ontong Jaya Plateau of the western Pacific is an example of such.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22813
They form due to a number of tectonic forces.As upwelling magma pushes its way toward the surface but does not break through, it can push up large flat areas. This magma plume can be created from a melting subducted plate. Scientists believe that this is one process that helpedto formed the Colorado Plateau. Colliding crustal plates can form mountains and plateaus. The compressed crust buckles like the hood of a car in a collision. Mountains form nearby the collision, while planar uplifted areas form farther away from the collision source. An example of this is found on the Mongolian Plateau in Asia. As India collided with Asia, the Himalayan Mountains were buckled and uplifted like the hood of a crashed car but the area behind the collision zone is undeformed, creating the Mongolian Plateau.Alleviating overburden or lightening of the crust by erosion allows large planar surfaces to uplift. If a large amount of heavy sediment is removed from a region, that area of the crust becomes lighter and rises as a result. This same process occurs to melting glaciers. As the glacier mass diminishes it becomes lighter and sticks higher into the air. For plateaus to uplift, the entire area must erode continuously.As a plateau region elevates, stresses cause breaks in the crust known as faults. A fault often separates smaller plateaus from one another on the Colorado Plateau. As a result of faulting, some of the uplifted regions are pushed higher than the surrounding area.Erosion helps to define one plateau from another. Rivers follow the path of least resistance, where rocks are weakest. Rock near faults tend to be weak and broken. Flowing water easily cuts into broken rock along a fault and over time forms a broad river valley. Separation by the new valley allows us to easily differentiate between plateaus.A large concentration of plateaus is found within the Colorado Plateau. It is an uplifted region broken into many smaller plateaus. It comprises portions of four states: Utah, Arizona, New Mexico and Colorado. All of the Colorado River drainage basin is located on the Plateau, and thus its name.Smaller structures resembling plateaus are known as mesas and buttes. Mesas are like plateaus, only smaller. Buttes are even smaller than mesas.

QUESTION ID: 3XSFQUE8WYMTNCI
QUESTION SUBJECT: how is womans bra size decided?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73442
From Wikipedia-A bra size consists of two measurements: the band size , given by a number, which is the circumference around the body excluding the breasts, and cup size , given by a letter, which is related to the volume of the breasts themselves. The size of women s breasts is often expressed in terms of bra size.Bras are commonly available in cup sizes A-DD, and one generally has to go to a specialist lingerie store to find larger cup size bras. The sizing of larger cup sizes can be confusing, since some manufacturers use multiple letters (such as AAA or FF) instead of proceeding in the logical alphabetical order. A common cup size system amongst European manufacturers, in order of increasing size, is AAA-AA-A-B-C-D-DD-E-F-FF-G-GG-H-J. It is important to note that actual size of bra cups vary with band size, and it is standard practice amongst manufacturers for the same actual size of cup to be used for a range of bra sizes - for example a 32C bra actually has the same size of cups as a 34B (and 30D).Any system for bust size measurement is not without its problems, and the only real way to determine one s bra size is by trial and error. However, there are several methods which may be used to provide an approximate size by measuring alone. Bra sizing systems differ widely between countries, and also between companies, aside from the complication that most other countries use the metric measurement system, rather than the Imperial system used in the UK and US.Band size is usually determined by measuring body circumference under the breasts and then adding a specified amount to account for the fact that the ribcage is generally wider at the height of the breasts than at the height one measures at. An alternative method to determine band size involves measuring under the arms and across the top of the breasts. In the United States, various manufacturers and boutiques recommend adding different numbers to the measured circumference to determine band size, generally from 4 to 6 inches. A further complication is that some manufacturers say that when the under the bust measurement is 35 in (89 cm) or more, only 3 in (76 mm) should be added to determine the band size.The cup size is dependent on the difference between the band size and a measurement of the chest circumference over the fullest part of the breasts. A common, though not universal, method suggested by many manufacturers is that a difference of 1 inch (25 mm) requires an A cup size; 2 inches (50 mm), a B cup and so on.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22087
And after all that, getting one that fits is still a matter of trying on every bra in the store.

QUESTION ID: 4061V63POXV3C4O
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you get bulimia and/or anorexia?
QUESTION CONTENT: Is this heriditary or is this caused by one s lifestyle?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76318
 Anorexia is an eating disorder where people starve themselves. Anorexia usually begins in young people around the onset of puberty.  People suffering from anorexia are very skinny but are convinced that they are overweight. Weight loss is obtained by many ways. Some of the common techniques used are excessive exercize, intake of laxatives and not eating.Anorexics have an intense fear of becoming fat. Their dieting habits develop from this fear. Anorexia mainly affects adolescent girls.People with anorexia continue to think they are overweight even after they become extremely thin, are very ill or near death. Often they will develop strange eating habits such as refusing to eat in front of other people. Sometimes the individuals will prepare big meals for others while refusing to eat any of it.The disorder is thought to be most common among whites, people of higher socioeconomic classes, and people involved in activities where thinness is especially looked upon, such as dancing, theater, and distance running. If you have a family member that with an Eating Disorder, they need a lot of support. Suggest that your family member see an eating disorder expert. Be prepared for denial, resistance, and even anger. A doctor and/or a counselor can help them battle their eating disorder.Symptoms...Not wanting or refusing to eat in public.Other symptoms are: anxiety, weakness, brittle skin, shortness of breath, obsessiveness about calorie intake. I do not believe that bulimia or anorexia is heriditary.  It is a mental problem.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8446
Both genes and outside influences, like your lifestyle, can contribute to eating disorders.Eating Disorders are not hereditary like cancer or heart disease. As far as we know, there is not an anorexia or a bulimia gene.  However, one CAN inherit personality traits that contribute to anorexia or bulimia.  People who are naturally eager to please and hard workers are more at risk.Additionally, things that happen to you and the types of activities you participate in have a lot to do with eating disorders.  If you are a victim of physical, emotional and sexual abuse, you are at higher risk.  Also, people in competetive sports that require thinness, (dancers, runners, cheerleaders), are at special risk.

QUESTION ID: 40T6WIHBVBA6S2P
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why isn t there a cure for cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: Billions of dollars spent, millions of people still dying of cancer? WTF? Can the world afford to ever have a cure for cancer?Sorry, I thought that chemotherapy was a treatment for cancer, not a cure.Why do people still die from cancer though?I never said that lives have not been saved through the application of what has been learned from cancer research. I m not a paranoid conspiracy theorist either. I just wonder if there is a conflict of interest among those who are paid to find treatments (eventual cures), and that which leads to there funding.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44194
To put it in simple terms.Because all healthy humans have cancer cells in our bodys. A cancer cell is very much similiar to a normal, healthy cell - which is why finding a cure is almost impossible. Our ability to differentiate cancer cells and normal cells using drugs is difficult under the most ideal circumstances. Again, a simple answer to a complex disease.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44195
In my research, truth can lie, I call them anti-truths, they are  forms of half-truths, (there are some 6 new types by the way)The LIGHT: The Rainbow of Truth THE JESUS CHRIST CODE.http://www.thejesuschristcode.comAnyway there is a simple cure for CANCER, its called prevention.Scientiests will some day discover that many types of cancers are in fact a lack of simple vitamins and minerals, or an intestinal infection, or contaminent, that work together to create a cancer.Last month in Canada the Cancer society admitted that vitamin D was found to reduce the cancer risk by 50% is some people.  ( vitamin D is gotten from the sun...)This year some scientests at the University of Alberta found that very few research companies were interested in a promising chemical, why ?, because it was not a patentable chemcial.Much of the research today, are by snakeoil salesmen who are looking for a patentable drug to rid the body of cancer, not a simple solution and not a prevention, which is the simplest of cures....Let us learn that truth can lie, and this may be the original sin, from the garden of Eden.Caesar J. B. Squitti

QUESTION ID: 42AZM3MWC5VSJQK
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i factor this?
QUESTION CONTENT: 16xsquared-15+8x
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76483
You can use the AC Method to answer this question:First, rewrite the expression so it s in the form Ax^2 + Bx + C where A,B, and C are constants (numbers)16x^2 + 8x - 15There s no common factors we could take out first, so...Multiply A x C, which in this case is 16 x -15 or -240.  Then look for factors of this number that add up to B.  You re looking for two numbers that fill in the blanks below:__ x __ = -240__ + __ = 8Prime facorization will help give you some ideas, or make an ordered list of numbers that multiply to -240.  240 and -1120 and -280 and -360 and -448 and -540 and -630 and -824 and -1020 and -12See how the last pair of numbers satisfies the conditions?Rewrite your polynomial, substituting the 2 values in for B to have 4 terms:16x^2 + 20x - 12x -15Then factor by grouping(16x^2 - 12x) + (20x - 15)4x (4x - 3) + 5 (4x - 3)(4x + 5)(4x - 3)This method works for most polynomials of the form Ax^2 + By + C!  You can check your answer of (4x + 5)(4x - 3) by using the FOIL method and see that it does work.Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48588
first find two numbers that add to -15 and also multiply to 8. then u shouls have somethin like this (x-4)(x+11). then break down 16x by square rooting it and u got the answer->(4x-4)(4x+11)

QUESTION ID: 43P77UHWORHGJRZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do cancer cells spread??
QUESTION CONTENT: i always here of someone that has cancer of some body part or other and then it spreads to another part, but how does it spread?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6581
How does a cancer spread?In order to spread, some cells from the primary cancer must break away, travel to another part of the body and start growing there.  Cancer cellsdo not stick together as well as normal cells.  They also may produce substances that stimulate them to move.  But how do cancer cells travel through the body? There are three main ways a cancer spreadsLocal spread  Through the blood circulation  Through the lymphatic system Local spreadThe cancer grows directly into nearby body tissues.  There is more about this in the page on how cancers grow. Spread through the blood stream In order to spread, the cancer cell must first become detached from the primary tumour.  It must then burrow through the wall of a blood vessel to get into the blood stream.When it is in the blood stream, it will be swept along by the circulating blood until it gets stuck somewhere, usually in a very small blood vessel called a capillary. Then it must burrow through the wall of the capillary and into the tissue of the organ it finds itself in. There it must start to multiply to grow a new tumour. As you can see, this is a complicated journey.  Most cancer cells do not survive it.  Probably, out of many thousands of cancer cells that reach the circulation only one will survive to form a secondary cancer or metastasis. Some are probably killed off by the white blood cells. Others may die because they are battered around by the fast flowing blood.  Some researchers believe that, although cancer cells are capable of surviving on their own, they cannot do this for long.  They need to re-attach quite quickly in order to live. Cancer cells in the circulation may try to stick to platelets to form clumps to provide themselves with some protection.  This may also help them to be filtered out in the next capillary network they come across and move into the tissues to start a secondary tumour. Spread through the lymphatic systemThe way a cancer spreads through the lymphatic system is very similar to the way it spreads through the blood stream.  The cancer cell must become detached from the primary tumour.  Then it will travel along with the circulating lymph until it gets stuck in the small channels inside a lymph node and begins to grow a secondary cancer. Why cancers spread where they doWhether it is in the blood or the lymph, the spreading cancer cell stops at the first place it gets stuck.  In the blood stream, this is often the first capillary network it comes across.  The blood flow from most body organs goes next through the capillaries in the lungs.  So not surprisingly, the lungs are a very common site of cancer spread. The blood from the organs of the digestive system goes through the capillaries of the liver before going back to the heart and then to the lungs.  So it is common for digestive system cancers to spread to the liver.  In fact, the liver is the second commonest site of cancer spread. Some cancers show unexpected patterns of spread.  For example prostate cancer often spreads to the bones.  Scientists are still investigating why this happens. During cancer surgery, it is routine for the surgeon to remove the main lymph nodes that drain the organ where the cancer is.  For example, the surgeon operating to remove a breast cancer will remove at least some of the lymph nodes from under the arm.  These are the first lymph nodes through which lymph draining from the breast flows.  The surgeon does this because the first lymph nodes draining an organ are the most likely ones to contain cancer cells.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66859
THROUGH THE BLOOD COS D WHITE BLOOD CELLS CANT DEFEND DEMSELFS COS THEIR TOO  WEAK.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66860
The cancer cells can break away from the starting point (usually a tumour) and spread around the body often into neighbouring tissue or through the lymphatic system.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66861
cancer cells have a unique proporties in which they can divide in uncontrolable manner and some can detach and travel throgh blood or lymphatic system  and effect other cells ,,,,,,
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66862
It s a living organism that feed off of healthy cells, so it grows or spreads to other areas....Terrible, terrible disease.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66863
They spread by entering the lymphatic or blood circulation.

QUESTION ID: 456GS2CRYUP7VPZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you determine where the IV is inserted arm, neck, or groin during cardiac catherization?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am schedule for a Cardiac Catherization due to an abnormality stress test, mild abnormal in the left ventricle.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83008
Almost 99% of cardiac cath procedures are done via the groin! Depending on circulation to one leg vs the other, the right groin is the preferred site because of the natural flow of the catheter into the heart vessels. Going through the left presents some difficulties because of how the main vessels on the left enter into the heart. Rarely a brachial site needs to be used. Radial sites are never used as their small diameter would not support the sheathintroducer used (catheter is then guided through this larger diameter).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83009
Cardiac catheterization involves passing a catheter (a thin flexible tube) into the right or left side of the heart. In general, this procedure is performed to obtain diagnostic information about the heart or its blood vessels or to provide treatment in certain types of heart conditions.Cardiac catheterization can be used to determine pressure and blood flow in the heart s chambers, collect blood samples from the heart, and examine the arteries of the heart with an x-ray technique called fluoroscopy. Fluoroscopy provides immediate ( real-time ) visualization of the x-ray images on a screen and provides a permanent record of the procedure.The catheter/sheath introducer is usually inserted through the right groin (right femoral area).   You will be given a mild sedative prior to the test to help you relax. An intravenous (IV) line is inserted into one of the blood vessels in your arm, neck, or groin after the site has been cleansed and numbed with a local anesthetic.A catheter is then inserted through the IV and into your blood vessel. The catheter is carefully threaded into the heart using an x-ray machine that produces real-time pictures (fluoroscopy). Once the catheter is in place, contrast material is injected and pictures are taken.I hope this helps.

QUESTION ID: 461N0MC2LM8W3T5
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is cancer in the abdomen diagnosed?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 537
Well, it can be complicated! First there are the obvious signs . . is the abdomen extended? Can you see or feel a mass or lump when you press the abdominal area. Is there pain? Where is the pain located? Does the abdomen feel hard. Is there any swelling or fluid retention going on? How much food can be eaten? Is there indigestion? Discomfort sleeping?Abdominal cancer in the early stages can be asymptomatic. The abdominal cavity is large enough to accommodate quite a few tumors that can grow to huge sizes before any type of detection is noted.My son was diagnosed with a rare abdominal sarcoma. He was asymptomatic up until the last few weeks before diagnosis. However, in that time period the primary tumor had grown as large as a volley ball and began to weep and shed off hundreds of smaller microscopic cancer cells. This caused fluid retention or ascitis which was apparent in swollen stomach, legs, and ankles. He also began having difficulties eating . . two bites and he felt full. And, unknown to us the tumors had begun to push the organs around in his body. One tumor had pushed his heart out of place, and we could actually feel it beating up around his collar bone area. Seem obvious now, but at the time it was hard to figure out.The actual diagnosis came from a biopsy of one of the lympth nodes in the neck. It took about one week before he was positively diagnosed with intra-abdominal desmoplastic small round cell tumor (sarcoma).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85214
CANCER-early warning symptoms.STOMACH1. Rather abrupt onset of indigestion after eating.2. Loss of appetite for more than 2 weeks.3. Indigestion, especially after eating, if it persists for more than 2 to 3 weeks.4. Bloody or coffee-ground vomit.5. Tar-black stool from someone not taking iron-containing pills.6. Weight loss, weakness, and lethargy (often late symptoms).GALLBLADDER AND BILE DUCTS1. Pain in the upper abdomen, indigestion, loss of appetite, jaundice (yellow color to skin) with or without abdominal pain.COLON AND RECTUM.1. Change in ordinary bowel habits.2. Change in appearance, size, and consistency of stool.3. Bleeding on moving bowels.4. Dark red blood in stools; tarry stools.5. Increasing difficulty in moving bowels.6. Distension of abdomen.7.Abdominal cramps, often colicky.8. Episodes of vomiting, sometimes of fecal material.9. Unexplained anemia.10. A lump in the abdomen (a late sign).KIDNEYS, BLADDER OR PROSTATE.1. Blood in the urine.2. Burning on urination.3. Pain or swelling in the flank or in the lower abdomen, worse on voiding urine.4. Increased frequency of urination.5. Inability to urinate.6. Painless swelling of a testicle.UTERUS AND CERVIX.1. Vaginal bleeding in women past the menopause (change of life).2. Unusual irregular vaginal bleeding, especially when the menstrual period is not expected.3. Unusual vaginal discharge.4. Vaginal bleeding after intercourse.5. In younger women, any excessive bleeding during menstruation.6. Bleeding after intercourse.7. A mass developing in the lower abdomen (a late sign).Please see the web pages for more details on Gastric cancer, Hepatocellular carcinoma, Pancreatic carcinoma, Renal cell carcinoma, Colon cancer, Prostate cancer, Cervical cancer, Endometrial cancer and Testicular cancer.

QUESTION ID: 46CD4QNKUTKLKA2
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78941
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27173
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27174
The nitrogen and the oxygen molecules in the air have the right dimensions to scatter blue light, but other colors pass through with little problem. So this causes the sky to look blue. (whitish sunlight)-(blue light scattered)= (yellowish sunlight)As the sun sets (or rises), the sunlight passes through more air, and more blue light gets scatted, so the sunlight looks closer to orange or red(whitish sunlight)-(even more blue light scattered)=(red or orange sunlight)

QUESTION ID: 46P8BQGRB7RRQN7
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you help your family with dealing with your cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have a 15 year old who has little contact with her father I know that she s going to be especially afraid of something happening to me.  Even though they are pretty sure it s 1st stage breast cancer and the prognosis is good how do I help her deal with her fear?  I also have to deal with what I m going through are there support groups for the families or children of cancer patients?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 425
There are support groups for families and children of cancer patients. You should start with your oncologist and ask for a medical social worker. Usually the social workers known all the local support groups or may even be involved with them. That is the first place to start. There are also online groups that can be of assistance.However, you may be surprised by your daughter . .she may be stronger than you imagine. To begin with the best way to deal with her fear is to tell her the truth . . always. The imagination is far worse . . . tell her exactly what is happening. If you go to the doctor, tell her why. Tell her if you are having treatment. Explain the treatment. Include your daughter as much as she wants to be included. Obviously if she does not want to be involved or hear this . . than back away a bit. But always make sure she hears the truth from you. There is no substitute for honesty . . share the good news and the bad. Your daughter will feel included and not left out. She will appreciate your honesty and learn about courage and strength from you.To help guide you through any of this, you can use the following online resources:Cancer Care - free online counseling for cancer patients and familieshttp://www.cancercare.org/Cancer Care - Talking to kids about cancerhttp://www.cancercare.org/get_help/special_progs/cc_for_kids.phpACS: Be Honest with children about breast cancerhttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/NWS/content/NWS_1_1x_Be_Honest_with_Children_About_Breast_Cancer.aspKids Konnectedhttp://www.kidskonnected.org/NCI: When your parent has cancer - a guide for teenshttp://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/When-Your-Parent-Has-Cancer-Guide-for-Teens/page2Cancer Connection - Teens with Mom who has cancerhttp://www.gillettecancerconnect.org/women/family_friends/for_kids.aspMy Parent s Cancerhttp://www.myparentscancer.com.au/home.htmlStraight Talk: How to Talk to your Kids about Cancerhttp://www.med.nyu.edu/nyuci/patientcare/support_services/straight_talk/Rip Rap - When a parent has cancerhttp://www.riprap.org.uk/index.htmlTeen Centralhttp://www.teencentral.net/Hope that helps get you started. Best of luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 426
YOU should give the family some common sense information about the type of cancer that is being experienced. They should be informed as to what they should expect as your reaction to it, and what cures are available. Then you should ask them to pray for you and have their church family also pray for you. I am talking about continuous praying. What shall we then say to these things? If GOD be for us, WHO can be against us? - Romans 8:31. The Lord daily loadeth us with BENEFITS, even the God of our salvation. Selah. - Psalm 68:19.  BEFORE you enter a room or a building, quietly say Peace Be To This House. - Luke 10:5. Those who are within those premises will have a more peaceful demeanor. This will be very helpful to you. On a daily basis, read Psalm 35 to (Plead My Cause) - It is a long-winded and very powerful psalm. Your only requirement is to be sincere when asking God for His help. I wish you well. Peace, Love and God Bless.

QUESTION ID: 47CONYF45MVBF0D
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does my heart skip a beat?
QUESTION CONTENT: My heart seems like it stops for a slight moment then restarts.  It use to happen rarely like when was I running a mile or exercising.  Recently it seems like it has been happening  every 5 minutes or so. I also found out that my dad has a heart murmur(not sure if that is the correct term, but it is something about his heart beating strangely) I m only 15 by the way....
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31808
yeah that happened to me, i would get one once inawhile and then all of a sudden one day i was getting like 5-10 a minute and i freaked out thinking i was going to have a heart attack (this happened when i was 19, im 21 now), and now they come and go in cycles every few weeks; ill go a few weeks with hardly any then i get an episode that can last minutes to several days where i get quite a few.anyway, i got evaluated by a cardiologist and was diagnosed with PVCs (premature ventricular contractions). theyre harmless but scary (i know i didnt trust the doc at first and questioned that feeling your heart stop is harmless for awhile but you get use to it) and very annoying.you probably have the same thing (ive read about 10% of people has this), but sometimes palpitations can be a sign of a heart or other problems  so you should go see a doctor to make sure you dont have something more serious wrong with you, but like i said most likely they wont hurt you so try not to fret about them too much. lots of times they are caused by stress, anxiety, lack of sleep, or too much caffeine/other drugs that hype you up so try to eliminate those factors if you can. doctor can give you a beta blocker as well if they are really bothering you which help to reduce them in a lot of people, didnt help me much but ive heard other people on the internet and in real life say beta blockers greatly reduce their s.the heart forums at http://www.medhelp.org are a good resource, you can see how other people deal with them. do a little research on them, and see if you can figure out what youre doing that is triggering them (like not getting enough sleep, drinking alcohol, drinking caffeine, caffeine withdrawl, stress, etc.) and keep a log, maybe you can pinpoint what is causing them. some people have had luck doing that, personally mine just seem to be random i cant figure out what triggers them, my cardio blamed anxiety but i dont consider myself an anxious person.so go get checked out just to make sure they are in fact harmless, and in the mean time try to relax and not worry about them, obsessing over them just makes your heart act up more
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31809
Actually your heart is not skipping a beat..What you are feeling is called a premature beat.The heart has it s nature pacemaker ( SA node ) but any part of the myocardium tissue has the ability to pace the heart ( kind of like a back up pacer ) sometimes these back up pacers fire on there own, bypassing the SA nodes pacing.They are referred to as ectopic beats. Depending on what area of the heart the ectopic beat originates is how we can classify what type. for instance if it originates in the atrium it s a (PAC) PREMATURE ATRIAL CONTRACTION or a (SVE) SUPRAVENTRICULA ECTOPY meaning coming from above the ventricle or a  (PVC) PREMATURE VENTRICULAR CONTRACTION and last but not least a (PJC) PREMATURE JUNCTIONAL CONTRACTION  coming from likely the AV node or somewhere in the middle of the heart.This kind of activity of the heart is very common and  mostly unharmful.But have it checked out to be sure.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31810
My heart does that almost everyday. I have Mitral Valve Prolapse. My cardiologist says that my heart skips due to Premature Ventricular Contractions. They re early heart beats, and nothing to be concerned about. They re normal. They simply occur when your heart triggers a beat too early, which briefly interupts the heart s normal rhythm. That s why your heart briefly pauses. Avoid caffeine, high sugar, tobacco, and alcohol. They will only make your problem worse, as they do me.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83629
One major cause of irregular heartbeat is called Atrial Valve Prolapse.  It is cause by an asynchronization in the valves that allow blood to enter the aorta.  In laymans terms, you have 3 little flaps in the main artery where blood enters the heart.  These valves open and close with the rhythm of the heart.  One of these valves may simply be out of sync with the other two.  It is commonly the outermost valve.  This causes the heart to pump dry for a beat or two.  It is made worse by stress and strenuous activities.  For your health s sake, consult your family doctor, so that he can arrange some non-evasive tests that will help to diagnose what the problem may be.  In General, you d much sooner have an issue with other parts of your heart before this would cause any problems.

QUESTION ID: 47FIZRXHDN4BEYQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: I will be going to radiation treatment and i would like to know how do you feel after treatment?
QUESTION CONTENT: I just want some information just to get my sefl ready etc
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30700
I have had radiation after a mastectomy in 2000 and a second mastectomy in 2006.  I tolerated it well both times. The actual treatments are painless.  I developed some redness like sunburn and an itchy rash after several weeks of treatment but was given various creams and gels to soothe it.  The rash and burn goes away within a couple weeks of treatment and the skin looks a little tanned. I have had reconstructive surgery post pre and post radiation with no problems whatsoever.  The worst part about radiation is the scary feeling of being alone on the treatment table while everyone else leaves the room because it s so dangerous!  Only God knows what the long term effects of the therapy will be but we have to make health decisions based on the best information we can get.  I have survived 2 different types of breast cancer and double lung cancer (BAC) even though I have been a non smoker, exercised and ate well.  I have also had two children who have died of brain tumors. No one knows what has caused all these cancers but I suspect  environmental poisoning from where we lived in Louisiana in the 1970 s.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30701
Radiation treatments completely sap you of your energy.  Don t drive to your treatments.  If you don t have family who can drive you, the American Cancer Society will provide a daily ride for you.Also, you need to apply Aloe Vera 2 hours after your treatments.  The reactions you will get are not immediate.  About 2 weeks after you begin, you will actually have the burns from the initial treatment.  Get them to start giving you Vigilan (I m not sure of the spelling) no later than a week into your treatments.  It s like the product at the pharmacy called 2nd Skin.  It s 2 sheets of plastic with a gel in between.  You peel off the blue sheet and put the sheet with the gel against the area you had the radiation.  I literally had my skin melting before I knew about that.  I was using it twice a day.First I would apply the Aloe Vera 2 hours after the treatment, then an ointment for healing the skin called Aqualohor, then the Vigilan pad.  Then, just before going to bed, remove everything, cleanse with a saline solution and sterile gause pad and repeat the routine again.Radiation is VERY damaging.  In fact, even though it kills the cancer, it can actually cause new cancers in the future.  The doctors will tell you to not take any vitamins because they can hinder the affects of the radiation.  On low doses, this is completely correct.  But, if you take HIGH DOSES of antioxidants, they not only do NOT hinder the affects of the radiation against the cancer, the actually boost it and help kill the cancer, while PROTECTING you NORMAL cells, and the studies show that those who did this did NOT get secondary cancers later in life from the radiation.  Search the Internet.  There is a study out of I believe Boulder, CO that explains it.  I believe it s called something like, The Pros and Cons of Antioxidants during Radiation therapy .  Also, a supplement that helps protect you against the adverse affects of radiation is NAC.  Do some research and look in to it.  If you choose to go that direction, you need to be really committed and keep up the regimen, because LOW doses DO hinder the affects of radiation against cancer.  HIGH doses on a REPEATED regimen are what you need if you choose to go that direction.  Also one of the things that helped give me more energy after radiation was juicing using organic fruits and vegetables.  It was like having a transfusion.  Plus it s another way to help fight against the cancer.Good luck...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30702
Depends on the type, and amount.  I had I-131 radiation pill.  Not external beam.  I felt drained, but in no pain, just a tiny soreness in throat.  Some of my face felt numb, cheeks, ears, and jaw.  I had a bad taste in my mouth.  It was days after that I felt pain like an arthritis. As far as scary level..  I worked myself up before hand and should not have.  My experience was tolerable, but depressing.  I had three weeks I had to stay in my bedroom, so that I did not expose others to the radiation.  That was the pits, but I made through it alright.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49885
brace urself. i heard it hurts alot. but its ur best chance to get rid of those cancerous cells...good luck i hope nothing goes wrong.. =]]

QUESTION ID: 4APU8I8BZVC8FCR
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did humans suddenly get this technology to travel to space?
QUESTION CONTENT: After all humans have been around for thousands and thousands of years, if not millions and in all that time had almost no technology. Where did this sudden burst in technological advances come from? I mean think about it. It wasn???t too long ago humans couldn t even fly and they didn t even have electricity. Where did this sudden surge of technology come from? And now there are trips to outer space like there are trips to the grocery store. Space travel has become routine. Sounds a little suspicious if you ask me.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 83257
Well, first of all you needed a metallurgy.  The progress with metals went through Bronze age, then an Iron age.  The industrial revolution in the late 18th century did not really get going until we learned how to make steel in a big way. So, it s been an evolution in metals for which we owe a lot of things including cars, airplanes, trains and modern ships.The thing is that once you had steel, for instance, you could build the machines that build the machines.  Steel is produced with ingredients that are not obvious and is not obtained simply my heating up ore and pouring off the molten metal.  SO, once you have the secret, everything takes off.Then once you had airplanes c1903, it is not a hard stretch to rockets, especially if you have a couple of world wars to get scientists motivated.  The fact is that you couldn t get to the moon with stone rockets, could you?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31245
The technology for space travel was seeded by the discovery of how to harness electricity, and an accurate understanding of aerodynamics and propulsion.You can trace the path of the development step by step, there are no secrets, humans worked hard and put a lot of thought into getting into space. We all stand on the backs of giants This means that a few brilliant people will come along and think up things that no one else has, and the rest of us, while we didn t have the ability to think it up, we had the ability to quickly learn the concept. You see this with writing. Writing in some form or another is thought to have been around for at least 7000 years, possibly longer, yet there are cultures in which it didn t exist until recently, such as the Navajo culture. It wasn t that reading and writing were beyond them, someone just had to introduce them to the idea. They were well familiar with symbolism.The same is true of Newton s kinematics equations, algebra, and just about anything else.Humans have a very impressive brain, don t under estimate it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31246
It was the Wizard of Oz. Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.There have been several references to The Fallen and the Watchers  Shape shifters and the like. The wheel was a representation of what they saw. A flying saucer or flying wheel. That is why the so called serpent tempted man with knowledge to teach about sciences and the laws of nature and self It would seem that there were some arguments between  these people as to how to teach us and still respect them. I read this somewhere and just remembered it. Maybe it was a comic book.?

QUESTION ID: 4AUSYU6ZUMSA7MD
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are there so many terrible psychiatrists?
QUESTION CONTENT: The average shrink I have encountered relies too much on drugs, doesn t know enough about them, relies on drug companies for data that may be untrue or sketchy, gets angry easily, has a God complex, and doesn t seem to enjoy his or her job very much either. Is it my imagination or do some of the worst MDs go into psychiatry. Some are excellent, rarely, but too many seem to be baffled, irritated, or hostile. Any experiences?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72925
I could answer this several different ways. Peter Breggin is the author of Talking back to Prozac and Toxic Psychiatry . David Healy is anti-drug but pro-ECT (electroconvulsive therapy which treats bipolar and depression).  Dr. John Burrows has his own podcast, in which he says that benzos are evil or very close to it. So clearly, there are some good psychiatrists not necessarily corrupted by the pharmecuetical company. My brief scan of the research on Google Scholar, searching for psychiatric ward culture indicates that psychiatrists rely on an authoritation methedology -- do what I say without asking why. I also think that little is known about the antipsychotics. My father, a biochemist, calls them blunt instruments and they are. I counsel people to stick to the least-invasive remedy. (ie. mood stabilizers for bipolar rather than antipsychotics (also called neuroleptics.) Peter Breggin has an entire essay at http://www.breggin.com on why their use should be limited.I would get a second opinion from ancupunturists, cranial-sacral massage therapists (mine helped me a lot, although was not around like my psychiatrist was), and even a good alternative pharmacy if you have one in your area. I had a manic episode, and found a Total Omega-3 supplement (fish-based) to really improve at least my own sense of health. There is scientific evidence emerging that Omega-3 helps with depression and possibly bipolar.I could rant on and on on this topic. But if you go to my portal at http://health.wikispaces.com and register you will get access to all my thoughts as they evolve. (Think of it as a blog where I am encouraging other people to research and contribute.)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21641
I think you and your shrink are victims of the American Pharmaceutical Industry.  The biggest drug dealers in history.  So powerful most doctors are under pressure to over-prescribe.  Doctors also have to deal with confused patients who read about new drugs in magazines see new drugs on television and  are being market new drugs in commercials and advertising. At the other end of the spectrum you have the real lack of psychiatric care under the American Health Insurance Industry.So there you have it: we are left with bills and pills to solve everything.

QUESTION ID: 4C77FFRG511DDT3
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I stop being depressed and change my life?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am 15 and since grade 7 I have been taking medication for depression and it has been helping me, but I have started to feel depressed again. I don t hang out with my friends anymore, and it seems like whenever I m online on msn or yahoo, they are offline, and when I go online they go offline, so I figure that they don t like me. Maybe Im just paranoid but I dunno, it seems that way. I have been getting thoughts about killing myself on a daily basis for about a while now. I lay awak in bed all night and think about how to do it and where and when to do it but I don t want to but I can t help it. I feel lonely and invisible, and I can t seem to get any advice from anyone. I try to ask this before and people just told me that im selfish and a loser, but I just want to know how to change myself so I can be a better person so I dont have to be that way. I know i seem selfish but i cant figure out how to change my life, andn nothing has helped so can u please tell me what I can do to help?** I know that Yahoo is not the place to ask for advice on stuff like this, but my parents dont understand, I tried talking to a teacher and they send me to a school counseller but there was no counseller there today, and I feel embarassed to keep asking about it. So, I dunno who else to ask.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16134
I know what it is like fighting the thoughts of suicide. get help. the only way i could get well was taking the right meds and talk therapy. prayer helps. the meds need to be prescribed by a psychiatrist not any other kind of dr. a psychiatrist can increase your meds faster and get the right combination of meds. that is what a psychiatrist does all day. for me the chemicals in my brain are was not right and i take a high dose of antidepressants. i couldn t get over the depressant without the meds.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18901
no youreamong thousands of adolescents. who are diagnosed as being bi-polar. you need to go mental health. ask to be seen by a counselor. when you start thinking about suicide you definately need advice. and you cannot really get this on yahoo answers. the thing you need to think about is who and how many will still be here grieving theirselves to death missing someone whom they loved very much. suicide isnt the answer, believe me. if you are this bad off please tell your parents if they will not listen you call rescue squad and tell them you need help and you need it now. you can commit yourself. do it before its to late. and if you need someone to talk to im here email me or message me either one. wish you the best.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36715
This is not the wrong place to ask. There are people here who understand. I want you understand something. I know you feel right now that nobody else understands how you feel right now. I want you to know that we do! We know how it feels, that it s hard, being 15 is tough. You re going to be okay - I m sure, but you have to let yourself. Your body and mind are maturing to adult size and it s hard on the brain. Until you equilibriate, you feel some tension inside of you. You know what will help you a lot? Exercise - you might be one of those guys that hates to exercise, but I promise if you can find a way to get some exercise, it will help you more than you can understand right now. That s the best way I can recommend to you to change your life. Make sure you are eating the right stuff. I m not saying you can t eat things you like, just keep everything in a balance. Things will change and you will be happy again.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39590
OK i m done now!! Make changes you are stuck in a rut!!!!!!! If you can t hang with your friends get some new ones! Not on line there are some kook s out there!! Anyway stop torturing yourself with those so called friends, they aren t anybody special to make you feel like that! Take them off your friends list that way it won t make yo wonder! As for killing yourself why???????  I have know several people here in my small town that did that. They only just there familys, they had to stay behind and cry everday cause they missed them and wondered what they did wrong. It is pointless!   I would never do that. I have had depression for many more than 10 yrs and haven t done it! Felt like it but something made me go on!! Some depression meds make you feel like that and you don t even know it! Have doc change to a different one. Zoloft did that to me, it was awful!! I don t know what was wrong with me till I read that one day!  Iam on Wellbutrin now, it is so much better!!!!!!!! Some of them will make you paranoid and the whole time&you just think your crazy!!! Don t sit around and think so much it will drive you crazy, it sounds like you are your own worst enemy! I grew up feeling just like you, but it will get better you will get married some day have kid, a home, car payments and everything else that goes with it!!!! But you have to stick around for that to happen!!!!!!!!!!! There is nothing wrong with you, God put you here on this earth cause he wanted you here!!! People have not right to make you feel less than the person you are. Stop thinking so badly about yourself, you can t be all that bad!!!! You definitely don t sound like it!!!!  Anyway do everyting different than what you are doing right now! Change your hair, your style of clothes, your friends, your attitude about life and you will be nuch better. And for gods sake stop looking back! YOur not going to find any answers there they are ahead of you!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39591
Selfishness (or what seems like selfishness) is a by-product of depression.  So you really need to treat the depression successfully.  It sounds like the medication isn t working for you anymore, and some anti-depressant medication can cause you to have suicidal thoughts.  That s a side effect that your doctor needs to be aware of, so please tell your mom you  need to talk to the doctor this week, if possible.  Meanwhile, do not act on those thoughts.  That means, don t to through with trying to kill yourself.  The following things have been known to help depression naturally: - Exercising - Sunlight, or some type of light therapy (my daughter goes to a tanning bed 3 times a week or so, and it really does help) - Taking Omega-3 Fish Oil capsules (you can buy them at Wal-mart, but I suggest getting the coated ones).  Take 2 a day consistently - - do not skip and do not give up after just a couple of weeks.  It may take several weeks for it to start helping. - B-complex - Do not take St. John s Wort or 5-HTP supplements while you are taking anti-depressants (ask the doctor about this) - Find a hobby or an activity that you enjoy doing alone.  This will take the focus off of your paranoid feelings towards your friends.  But once in awhile, try to get your friends together to go out to the movies or something. - Write in a journal or you can blog privately online. - Cold showers (I think they energize and get the circulation going) - Check your library to see if they have a book on cognitive therapy for depression or anxiety.  Learning coping skills will help you a lot in the years to come.Okay, that s it.  I wish you the best and I sympathize.  Don t ever give up.  Life does get better, you just have to keep hanging in there!

QUESTION ID: 4EVQWOBYCMWPDFA
QUESTION SUBJECT: why sky has colour blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 80853
The blue color of the sky is due to Rayleigh scattering. As light moves through the atmosphere, most of the longer wavelengths pass straight through. Little of the red, orange and yellow light is affected by the air. However, much of the shorter wavelength light is absorbed by the gas molecules. The absorbed blue light is then radiated in different directions. It gets scattered all around the sky. Whichever direction you look, some of this scattered blue light reaches you. Since you see the blue light from everywhere overhead, the sky looks blue. As you look closer to the horizon, the sky appears much paler in color. To reach you, the scattered blue light must pass through more air. Some of it gets scattered away again in other directions. Less blue light reaches your eyes. The color of the sky near the horizon appears paler or white.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 80854
The sky appears blue (instead of black) because light passing through the air hits tiny particles like dust and pollen. These tiny particles are large enough to reflect blue light, but red light (which has a longer wavelength) is not reflected nearly as much. So the result is that the blue light gets scattered by the particles, and you see it when you look up.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88814
The sky is (roughly) that part of the atmosphere or of outer space visible from the surface of the earth (or any other planet; see Skies of other planets). Birds, airplanes, and kites are often considered to fly in the sky. It is difficult to define precisely for several reasons. During daylight the sky has the appearance of an opaque blue surface, but this is the result of the air scattering sunlight. There is no blue object above the earth in any normal sense, so it is hard to say what object the sky is. The sky is thus sometimes defined as the denser gaseous zone of a planet s atmosphere. At night the sky has the appearance of a black surface or region scattered with stars. But if we then say that the sky is the entire visible universe, it would not be the same thing we see during the day. The color of the sky is a result of diffuse sky radiation. On a sunny day the Earth sky usually looks as a blue gradient ??? dark in the zenith, light near the horizon (due to Rayleigh scattering). It turns orange and red during sunrise and sunset, and becomes black at night.During the day the Sun can be seen in the sky, unless covered by clouds. In the night sky (and to some extent during the day) the Moon, planets and stars are visible in the sky. Some of the natural phenomena seen in the sky are clouds, rainbows, and aurorae. Lightning can also be seen in the sky during storms. As a result of human activities, smog during the day and light radiance during the night are often seen above large cities (see also light pollution).In the field of astronomy, the sky is also called the celestial sphere. This is an imaginary dome where the sun, stars, planets, and the moon are seen to be travelling. The celestial sphere is divided into regions called constellations.

QUESTION ID: 4G2YUIX12P7TYV0
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long does a recent diagnosed patent with stage 4 colon cancer live?
QUESTION CONTENT: a former teacher has that I was just curious.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69785
HI NiciHere are some thoughts on healing the issue.Why Natural Colon Cleansing May Save Your Lifeliquids and fruitA thorough natural colon cleansing is a good idea for anyone. The colon is little more than a storage facility for waste and toxins in your body. If the body functioned perfectly, these harmful elements would never accumulate because they would be evacuated on a regular basis. What makes a periodic colon cleanse necessary is the fact that the body does not always get rid of waste in a timely manner. This often occurs because of the processed foods and refined sugars that we consume in our diet as they tend to slow the digestive system???and thus also delay bowel movements. In time, feces will accumulate and dry along the walls of the digestive tract. Layer upon layer will gather which tends to narrow the opening through the gastrointestinal tract and further slow evacuation. Eventually, a fecal impaction will occur which will cause constipation problems. Laxatives tend to be the standard constipation treatment but they will not provide any kind of bowel cleanse function. Instead, they will stimulate the colon and tend to provide short-term relief from constipation problems but fail to address the underlying problem of accumulated waste along the walls of the gastrointestinal tract.The layers of accumulated waste will naturally begin to add up and there have been recorded cases of 40 pounds of feces and waste being found in a human colon. At any given time, there are an estimated 8 undigested meals in the colon. Without the periodic use of a natural colon cleanser, this concentrated waste will begin to cause long-term damage to the body. It is believed that colon cancer is caused in most cases by this concentration of waste which is why a natural colon cleanser may very well save your life.Even for those whom do not contract colon cancer, there are a number of health problems associated with compacted feces in the gastrointestinal tract. The accumulated waste along the walls of the colon and bowel will lead to fecal impaction???a common source of constipation problems. When waste cannot be evacuated from the body in a timely manner, the bacteria and toxins in the waste will be absorbed into the blood stream and can lead to a number of serious health-related problems, such as:Weakened Immune System Infective Endocarditis Increased Risk for Heart Disease Increased Risk of Stroke Septicemia Death There are a number of bowel cleansing alternatives available that can help eliminate the accumulated feces and waste in the gastrointestinal tract. However, the best colon cleanser is one that is made from all natural ingredients and helps replenish intestinal flora so that the digestive system operates as efficiently as possible. Colon cleansing products made from harsh chemicals andother synthetic lab creations may dissolve compacted feces but they also cause side effects like dehydration???a known cause of constipation. Cleaning out the toxin chemicals in the colon (which is now in the blood) is a HUGE step on the road back to recovery.Best of health to both of you
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89009
The 5-year survival rate drops considerably (25%) once the cancer has spread. In most cases, stage IV cancer is not curable.Please see the web pages for more details on Colorectal cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89010
Ignore statistics, they are not meant for individual patients. Stage IV can be successfully treated as I know individuals who are survivors. It is not easy, however, and much will depend on the skill of the oncologist, the patients overall health, fitness, age, specific location of disease, and response to first line treatment. Statistics are used to track diseases, they are not intended to measure how long a patient has to live. Too many other factors come into play here. This is often why you will hear cancer patients say things like, I had terminal cancer and outlived the doctors predictions. That s because no doctor can adequately predict what will happen with each individual patient.Your teacher may end up outliving you.

QUESTION ID: 4GYT3855DIHJFZA
QUESTION SUBJECT: if i burn 500cal per day, how many calories do i eat per day?
QUESTION CONTENT: im looking to lose 20-25lbs by february, im about 5 3 , 145lbs, femalemaybe by april, not februaryif i exercise to burn 500 calories each day, how many calories will i need to eat each day to lose so many pounds per week? they say you need to burn more than you take in to lose fatso really what im trying to say here i guess. is shouldnt i be burning more per day if i have to eat 1200-1800calories a day?it is impossible to burn more than 1000 a day, i dont think 1000 is even possible
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4329
It s a good thing you re going for April because the only way to lose 20-25 pounds by February is to either have liposuction done or cut off one of your legs.Now, you re going about it all wrong. You don t say how much do I eat to lose this weight , you say, how much can I lose if I eat better ?You do the following:Figure out your BMR and activity level. Be honest with yourself because this is crucial. You take that total amount of calories, let s say it s 2300 and cut out 500 calories. So you re limited to 1800 calories a day. This is a good number and if you stick to it you ll wind up losing 2 pounds a week which is great. Any more than that and you risk gaining it back againlater.So, as there are 11 weeks (or so) until the beginning of April, you can expect to lose 22 pounds using this method.And there you go. A simple and easy way to lose the weight in the time given.Edit:You re thinking about it all wrong.You don t need to burn more than you put in . You need to eat less than you need. This is why I mentioned your BMR and activity level as this will tell you how much you *need* in 1 day. You then cut this amount by 500 calories which leaves you with a weekly deficit of 3500 calories which is 1 pound.Then for exercise you mentioned 500 calories again. This isn t a lot and on a good day I would burn 1200 in one hour. But again, 500 calories a day will burn 3500 calories a week which is another pound.Please read the answers carefully. Usually the information you need is in them.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4330
I m not understanding your question completely I do know you gain a pound when you consume 3500 cal a day so to lose a pound you need to burn 3500 calories.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4331
If you need to eat say 2000 calories a day to maintain your current weight, then burning off those 500 calories a day will make you lose 500 calories a day, which is a pound a week, and 4 pounds a month. If you combine that with a diet and or more exercise then the results come quicker and quicker, hope I helped =).

QUESTION ID: 4I51HTDSTBTY633
QUESTION SUBJECT: How serious are my cholesterol levels?
QUESTION CONTENT: These are my results from last years blood test: Triglycerides 94,Cholesterol total 162, HDL Chol. 54, LDL Chol. 89, and Chol/Hdlc Ratio 3.0.  However, this year they are: Triglycerides 252, Cholesterol total 243, HDL Chol.79, LDL Chol. 114, Chol/Hdlc Ratio 3.1I don t know a THING about cholesterol and don t really know how serious these numbers are.  This past year has been my first year in college so as you can imagine my diet is horrible.  Also, I have been taking birth control pills..is it possible that the pills could raise my cholesterol that much or is it most likely my diet that caused that?Let me know any info because I am clueless and don t know how worried I should be!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45768
Your Triglycerides are HIGH, Total Cholesterol is high, HDL is very good, LDL is is good depending on your risk factors for heart disease.I too have High Cholesterol and other problems to deal with. I set up a website with information about my conditions. I did this in order to try to help others understand those conditions and some treatments. Each page covers a specific condition or treatment and provides basic information about it. Scrolling down each page you will find links to additional information and sometimes tools you can use. Click the link in the source below to go to my home page. Then select the item you want from the left menu to see that page.Cholesterol and Triglycerides are covered on separate pages. Each has tables to show what the amounts mean. The site is free and you can print/save anything you like.These subjects are important but also have extensive information, so I put it together in my site in a way I hope is easy to digest.Hope this helps.Terry
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45769
Bad diet and no exercise is the more likely culprit.   It doesn t take long for the numbers to go bad.  However, those numbers are definitely a move in the wrong direction!  I did not find that BCP made any difference.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45770
Yes. Something causes them to raise a bit. Your cholesterol suppose to be 200.Triglycerides supposed to be at 150. Your  HDL ChL. supposed to be at 40. You LDL Chl, supposed to be at 130. Your VlDL CHL. suppsoed to be at 30. No higher at the numbers I just gave u and no lower than 40 for your HDL cholesterol,that s your good chl.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45771
First of all don t worry. Worry, or stress, is a real contributor to heart disease. High Cholesterol, on the other hand, is only associated with heard disease. It has never been proven to be the cause, and never will. An association does not mean the same as causal.What they do tell in this case is that something has changed within your body, and probably not for the better.If your dietary change has been an increase in carbohydrates, particularly processed carbs, then this will lead to higher cholesterol levels. Dietary fats have no bearing on cholesterol levels. The metabolic pathway for lipids does not involve any of the lipoproteins that show up in a fasting blood test. To say otherwise is to display a complete ignorance on this subject.VLDLs are produced in the liver and very little dietary fat ends up at in the liver. The triaglycerols produced in the liver are from excess blood glucose. They are packed in VLDLs and transported around the body. As the VLDL looses the triacylglycerols it eventualy becomes an LDLhttp://www.rpi.edu/dept/bcbp/molbiochem/MBWeb/mb2/part1/lipoprot.htmCholesterol is a precursor to the hormones the body makes in response to stress. It is quite likely that you are experiencing higher levels of stress, being your first year of college, so this would lead to the body producing more cholesterol to accommodate the increase in hormone production.Of course as another poster pointed out, if you didn t fast before the blood test then the results are meaningless.As for the pill, if anything I would expect that to lower cholesterol levels due to the negative affects it can have on your liver, where 70-80% of the body s cholesterol is produced.Get your diet sorted out. A well balanced diet is one in which the only things that should be eliminated are processed foods, which unfortunatley are the cheapest and easiest to obtain,  a trap many studying fall for. The effort of preparing wholesome foods will result in a  healthier mind and body, which should lead to better study results.http://www.westonaprice.org
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45772
I would question whether you truly fasted before this second test. You need a good 12 hours before a cholesterol test. Food does contribute, however the majority of it is produced by the liver. If everyone in your family is on Lipitor or some other statin medication (Lipitors class) then you probably have a genetic predisposition. If you are normal college age then you are way too young to be on a statin. Try diet first and see what happens.

QUESTION ID: 4INE1ZNQK01J0GZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many stages are their in Congestive heart failure?
QUESTION CONTENT: age 87
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88140
There are 4 stages of CCF namely A,B,C&D.This will help you out:Definition of StageSTAGE   AThose at high risk for developing heart failure. Includes people with:    * Hypertension    * Diabetes mellitus    * Coronary artery disease (including heart attack)    * History of cardiotoxic drug therapy    * History of alcohol abuse    * History of rheumatic fever    * Family history of cardiomyopathy.    * Exercise regularly    * Quit smoking    * Treat hypertension    * Treat lipid disorders    * Discourage alcohol or illicit drug use    * If previous heart attack or current diabetes mellitus or hypertension ?? angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE-I)STAGE   BThose diagnosed with ???systolic??? heart failure but have never had symptoms of heart failure (usually by finding an ejection fraction of less than 40% on echocardiogram).    * Care measures in Stage A +    * All patients should be on ACE-I    * Beta-blockers should be added    * Surgical consultation for coronary artery revascularization and valve repair/replacement (as appropriate)STAGE  CPatients with known heart failure with current or prior symptoms.Symptoms include:    * Shortness of breath    * Fatigue    * Reduced exercise intolerance.In this group,care measures from Stage A apply, ACE-I and beta-blockers should be used +    * Diuretics (water pills)    * Digoxin    * Dietary sodium (salt) restriction    * Weight monitoring    * Fluid restriction (as appropriate)    * Withdrawal of drugs that worsen the condition    * Spironolactone when symptoms remain severe with other therapiesSTAGE   DPresence of advanced symptoms, after assuring optimized medical careAll therapies under Stages A, B and C + evaluation for:    * Cardiac transplantation    * Ventricular assist devices    * Surgical options    * Research therapies    * Continuous intravenous inotropic infusions    * End-of-life careHope answered your question.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88141
The American College of Cardiology and American Heart Association developed a classification of heart failure based on stages of the syndrome.Stage 1 includes patients at risk of developing heart failure but who have no structural heart disease at present. These include patients with hypertension, diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease, use of cardiac toxins, and familial history of cardiomyopathy. Strategies to prevent ventricular remodeling, including ACE inhibitors in selected cases, are advised. Stage 2 includes patients with structural heart disease but no symptoms. The use of ACE inhibitors and beta-blockers is recommended.Stage 3 includes patients with structural heart disease and symptomatic heart failure. Diuretics, digoxin, and aldosterone antagonists may be added to ACE inhibitors and beta-blockers depending upon the severity of symptoms. Cardiac resynchronization therapy also may be considered in selected patients. Stage 4 includes patients with severe refractory heart failure. Physicians are urged to consider either end-of-life care or high-tech therapies such as cardiac transplantation, based on individual cases.ACC/AHA Classification of Chronic Heart FailureStageDescriptionAHigh risk for developing heart failureHypertension, diabetes mellitus, CAD, family history of cardiomyopathyBAsymptomatic heart failurePrevious MI, LV dysfunction, valvular heart diseaseCSymptomatic heart failureStructural heart disease, dyspnea and fatigue, impaired exercise toleranceDRefractory end-stage heart failureMarked symptoms at rest despite maximal medical therapyPlease also see Table1 New York Heart Association-Classification of Heart Failure. (Merck)Please note that I am not a medical professional.

QUESTION ID: 4JH1HE8GNAJSB2E
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you increase your speed in the 40 yard dash?
QUESTION CONTENT: Is there any sport equipment you can purchase to do so that is reasonable?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76364
well obviously having a high power-to-weight ratio is important.  that is the fundamental limit to your 40-yard dash time, since the 40 is all about how fast you can accelerate, not your top speed.so, that means you should minimize fat and maximize your fast-twitch muscle mass.  this muscle training is done by doing lots of sprints and by resistance training.  so you can do leg presses etc and lots of sprints and interval runs - brief bursts of high speed with walking or slow jogging between.another thing i ve seen NFL running backs do is sprint with an extra resistance pulling them back.  so sometimes you see guys with those goofy parachutes.  getting a parachute is probably expensive, but i have also seen people doing short sprints with this contraption:  a weight belt, with a chain attached to the back, leading to a heavy weight (like a 45-lb disc from a weight room) that they drag along behind them on the ground.  the extra resistance from the weight will make you grow bigger muscles, and when you run without the weight you ll feel like you re flyyying!you could also get some of those little velcro weight belts to wear around your wrists and ankles when you train.  same idea - you ll get stronger and when you run without them, you ll be much much faster.(p.s. train your whole body.  having a strong core musculature (in particular, the abs and back) are critical to running fast.  the biomechanics of the upper body are also very important to sprinting so don t neglect your muscles there too.)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25077
Here s a website that has tips on how to improve your 40-yard dash:http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/ss14.htmFor products, check out:http://www.speedster.com/
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25078
To increase your speed in the 40 yard dash will fall on your exercise routine, diet, and technique (ya need all 3).Diet:  Cut the junk from it (including pop).  Drink lots of water.  Eat fruits and veggies.  Get some protien in the diet.  You are what you eat.  The food pyramid is your friend.Exercise:  The 40 yard dash is about explosiveness.  So, work the muscles to get mazimum explosiveness.Hit the weight room and do leg work outs for all the muscles.  Also, crunches and pushups as your arms pumping and stomach are part of the speed.  If you can see a trainer on this.Do running exercises such as waltor paytons, high knees and butt kickers to help improve your form.  There are others too.Run the server differet lengths to work out.  Run a 30 yard dash to help build up explosiveness, run a 50 yeard dash to push yourself the distance and run the 40 to practice running the 40.The technique at the link about is pretty good..http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/ss14.htmYou will need all parts to be effective.

QUESTION ID: 4O5TLV8LCHYNQLD
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does God....?
QUESTION CONTENT: Why does God give people who dont deserve it a break and leave the rest of us to suffer and hurt to the point where we feel alone and we feel like no one cares about what happens to us anymore? Why does it feel like he wants me to die?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41507
ask Him.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41508
He does this so that no man can know his own future.If you feel like nobody cares, why dont you care more so that people may learn from your example.   The torment you feel right now is in your own head and whatever you are feeling right now, believe me that there are millions of people that have it worse than you that im sure would trade lives with you in a second.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41509
If you feel like that is because you re already dead!0!It is probably the other way around, He wants you to live, or maybe to discover life for the first time. It s an awsome feeling of stillness that you get when it happens for the first time.Oh well, good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41510
it is said that god gives pain to the people he loves the most :)because he spends the maximum time thinking about you and thus putting you to different tests... :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41511
There s two main ways to go about life. Aggressive and stingy, which has worked in the past but usually has bad emotional and stress related results, and Spiritual and Joyous meaning one uses their morality as guidelines for all that they do solely for the purpose of doing what they enjoy and making the world better. When one is doing something that they do not enjoy, it will not result in a happy outcome. Only when one enjoys what they re doing can they enjoy the outcome. Most people have a goal of completing highschool, then some kind of college or preliminary training, then getting a job, saving for retirement, getting married, and so on. But if you re doing these things simply because you feel obligated to by outside forces, you ll never find joy in all things. The trick is, truly pay attention as you go about life thinking about what you want to be like as a human individual. Forget material matter for now because those are simlpy symbols. When you know what you want to be like you ll know which advice pertains to you and which advice does not, when people tell you you  have to do something. So often is it many people have all the answers for life, but when you really look at it, they themselves aren t happy. Life has no structure initially, you create it how you want it. Thus if someone doesn t have the live you want. Don t very much listen to their advice. The easiest way to get what you want, is to find someone who has attained what you want, and find out the way they did it. Everyone who has ever succeeded in life or any endeavor they went into always had a sense of joy in doing what they were doing. Almost to the extent that they d do it just for the sake of doing it and nothing more to it than that. Chances are in this situation that you re simply not understanding how life works, how hierarchies work, and human behavioral understanding. Humans are political beings, they have ranking systems that happen subconsciously and resignate consciously when they make assumptions and judgements on the world and people around them. This is most prevalent in high school where one establishes their place in the group and feel obligated to play it out. Better understanding how people think about you will help this, and this starts with how you think about yourself. By the way the question details are phrased up there, it sounds like you re making yourself out to be the victim, you re not utilizing your natural powers that you have. Your abilities to be assertive and your inalienable rights bestowed upon you by the universe. Since you do not know them I shall give them to you as a gift. I always have the right to: *state what I want regardless of whether or not I can get it*to express my own opinions and feelings*to make my own decisions and change them if I wish*to decline from explaining my actions or to refuse to give an excuse for them*to turn down a required without guilt. I can say No.*to accede to a request but put boundaries upon compliance*Not be discriminated againstAttention energizes and intention transforms. So place your attention on what you want, and it will grow in your life. Intend what you want and things will transform in your life. If you do anything you should only have two motivations: Love and Servitude. If you re doing what you re doing in those two states, and let go of all of the outcome and simply do things because you love it and because you feel purpose in it then you ll find all problems seem to melt themselves away for when what you find joy and servitude in matches the needs of the people you ll be capable of amassing unlimited wealth. And that in combination with a constant desire to progress yourself as an individual and as a personality, you ll never have much at all to worry about. You ll find when you really like at it that many people want to help you. It is even apparent on this site that people care, simply by skimming some of these answers. So simply put more attention on what you want from things. They say obstacles are those nasty things that you see when you take your eyes off of your goal. If you ve ever taken a snowboarding class you d now know that where you put your eyes you go, so they tell you to look at the edge of the rail so you can go there. This is natural so put your attention where you want to go mentally and you ll find yourself gravitating that way as well. All problems contain the seeds of opportunity if you re looking for them. The ability to be a greatly successful individual spawns almost primely from your ability to take life s more difficult times and turn them into an Empowering experience that you feel grateful for, rather than something that simply is hindering.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41512
Uh...Billie darlin, God gives no one more than they can handle.What looks like a break to you and I may very well be all they deserve. There is a judgement, and it is quite possible that the small breaks in the here and now is all they will ever have for all eternity. They are to be pitied. The others that have the breaks have probably worked very hard behind the scenes for what they have. And again that may be all they get. There is much more than the breaks in anyone s life. As for our own feelings of loss, and loneliness, you can be assured that if such a vast and huge Deity marks the fall of a simple sparrow : then rest assured you are seen and loved by this majestic being we worship as  GOD. The suffering we go through is a very good training field for the rest of our lives Billie. Like it or not we can handle our problems, and we do every time. He has provided help in these times of sorrow; they are the family, and friends we have to get us through.You should know and remember that no one is given more than they can handle darlin. Whatever is on your back I think you can handle it with aplomb.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86309
God doesn t want you to die. God wants you to live so He can use you to spread the good news to people who haven t heard the good news yet. God doesn t give a break to people who don t deserve it. God doesn t make people suffer but He does love everyone of His children including you. Your not alone as God is with you.

QUESTION ID: 4O8A3SKOGMN5G17
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is pink the chosen color for breast cancer awareness?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86937
The first color ribbon chosen for breast cancer was not pink it was a peach color. Pink was chosen for its marketablity by a cosmetic company and had little to do with feminism.The colored ribbons cropped up around the time of Desert Storm and were linked to the song, Tie a Yellow Ribbon round the ole oak tree . Lotsa people tied yellow ribbons around trees to remember our troops overseas. The ribbon symbol than extended to those people fighting AIDS. People wore a tiny red ribbon in remembrance for those fighting or dying from the disease. At the time women wanted to focus more research for breast cancer. Pink was not the first color chosen at all, but it had better marketing capabilities. The pink colored ribbon was chosen by a cosmetic company  (Estee Lauder) that wanted to sponsor breast cancer awareness. The person who originally came up with the concept of the peach colored ribbon Charlotte Hayley. Estee Lauder Cosmetics wanted to use her ribbon but she thought they were too commercial (which is true). When Hayley rejected the offer Esteen Lauder went ahead with a pink ribbon that became the symbol for breast cancer.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pink_ribbon
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43747
Because pink is associated with women and its mostly a cancer women get.

QUESTION ID: 4PIMVFM01Y3JGGM
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does the moon affect our planet Earth? Why?
QUESTION CONTENT: How does the moon affect our planet Earth?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73604
The Moon exerts its influence on the Earth in subtle yet profound ways which affect our environment.The gravitational pull of the Moon (and the Sun) raise the ocean tides on Earth. The Moon pulls up a bulge of water on the side of the Earth facing it. High tides occur as the Earth rotates beneath this great bulge of water. The far side of the Earth also has a tidal bulge. The Moon pulls on the Earth s far side with less force than it does on the centre of the Earth and less still than the near side of the Earth, due to gravitation weakening with distance. The Earth s far side gets left behind . This results in two high tides in one day, (that is a high tide every 12 hours and 25 minutes). Each high tide is followed by a low tide about six hours later. The highest tides can reach 16 metres. When the Sun, Earth and Moon line up, (when we have a new and full moon), the tides are especially high, as the Sun s gravity assists the Moon pull. These are called Spring tides and happen twice a month.We have especially weak tides, called Neap tides, when the Sun, Earth and Moon form a right angle. This tidal action is also causing friction between the Earth and the bulges. This causes the Earth rotation to slow down by a fraction of a second each century. This loss of speed in turn causes the Moon to recede from the Earth at a rate of nearly four centimetres per year.So in 100 million years an Earth day will be half an hour longer and the Moon will be about 3,000km further away.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 73605
The moon is bound by the earth s gravitational field and vice versa. Both exert forces against each other and thus determines and influences the orbits of each. The moon s gravitational pull is also most evident in how tides behave, the gravitational force causing either high tide or low tide depending on the orientation of the moon to earth.

QUESTION ID: 4QN83BW7N0HIYAS
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can i lose 30 pounds please open this by the way if i don t lose it i will KILL MYSELF i am deperate!!!plz
QUESTION CONTENT: ok so i need to lose 10 pounds by summer vacation and then when summer vacation starts i will the lose 20 pounds left (summer vacation is about 2 and a half months long so i need to know how to do this oh yeah...there are 5 months of school left so any diets i can go on but i will need to keep the weight off so healthy please i know 5 months are a very long time and i bet you are wondering why did i pick only ten when i could go much higher well because i can t go by my own schedule at school so i only picked 10 and in summer vacation i can do any diet and then go into a new grade level 130 and if i don t reach my goal of 130 i don t know what i will do i will go CRAZY i need help please
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72683
Well, don t follow these latest diets or whatever, they usually aren t effective for everybody. What you should do is make an account at www.weightwatchers.com. This is a very helpful cite and tells you many helpful advise. If you know sitting in the kitchen is going to cause you to raid the pantry, leave the room. If lingering at the dinner table makes you long for dessert. As soon as you ve finished your meal, head outside and takea walk. Not only will it get your mind off of eating, you ll have the extra benefit of exercising!   1.  Include two fruits or vegetables in every meal or snack. You ll feel fuller and cut back on calories from other foods.   2. Eat breakfast. You ll be less likely to overeat later in the day.   3. Snack every 4 hours (try oranges, apples, pretzels, string cheese).   4. Eat at regular intervals.   5. Know your portions: 1/2 cup of rice is the size of your fist, an ounce of cheese is a large marble; a 3-ounce serving of meat is a deck of cards.  Divide your plate: 3/4 with vegetables, grains, beans and fruit; 1/4 with extra-lean meat or low-fat dairy products.   6. Make room for cravings. Have a cookie now and then; just drop something else that day.   7. Drink water -- a glass every one to two hours will keep you full.   8. Eat slowly.   9. Cut 100 calories a day (replace that candy bar with an orange and banana) and lose a pound a month.  10. Buy pre-cut fruit and veggies: You ll be more likely to munch on them for a snack or make a salad for dinner.  11. Go for the less processed food (potato versus chips, whole-wheat bread over doughnuts.)  12. Don t eat on automatic pilot (i.e. tasting while cooking, noshing from the serving bowl.)  13. Limit alcohol to special occasions. Not only is it highly caloric; it also stimulates appetite and obliterates willpower.  14. Brush your teeth after eating.  15. Eat beans: add a handful to salads and soups to curb hunger pangs longer.  16. Sweeten with spice. Add spices like cinnamon and vanilla to desserts versus sugar.  17. Try a new food each day. The flavor will save you from dietary boredom (add mangos to a chicken dish, jalapeno relish to your sandwich, winter pears to salad.)  18. Go spicy. Get a hot flavor boost with chilies, salsa and curry instead of by overeating. Don t even open the menu.  19. Resist temptation by just ordering the steamed veggies or something else low-fat like a grilled chicken salad or a soup and salad combo.  20.Try an herbal supplement to help curb your appetite and give you more energy.-----------------------------------------------------------------Not only that but put more physical activity in your life. At first you should start out small. Such as a walk for ten-thirty minutes twice a day. Then you can start walking faster, longer, and walking up sleeper slopes. Don t sit down too long. Even if you are doing homework. Make a 10 minute break within every few hours to walk or get some physical exercise. Even if you lose your weight, do not stop your newly developed habits; you will jsut gain your pounds back.Good Luck=))!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4096
you can start walking anywhere and time it s possible.  try to eat veggies with every meal.  and lots of water!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4097
CUT OUT JUNKFOOD!ALL OFF IT.i have only benn doing that for 3 days and lost a pound.yeah, not much. but still!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4098
Well i can help you out a bit.. I am currently dieting myself and when  i started i needed to lose 30lbs but as of right now i only need to lose 17 more to lose i find lots of working out is a great way of losing and eating a bit more healthy like carrots as snacks salads  if you plan on eating meat pick healthy ones not processed, drink 8 full glasses of water a day, don t eat anything that is deep fried like french fries if you must eat them make sure they are cooked in a oven  just being smarter about what you eat will help you and little portions are also better so example make sure that any scoop you put on your plate isnt bigger then the size of your fits when as if your going to punch something.. i think thats about all the advice i can give you i personally do a calorie count with everything i eat and make sure that i dont go over the guide line they have for my age... good luck to you!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4099
there are a few types of foods you HAVE TO LET GO TO LOSE WEIGHT, if you don t stop eating these foods, then don t even BOTHER losing weight in any damn form. If you eat chips, drink any kind of soda (even diet), if you eat at any fast food, chocolate, candies and any type of sweets,  then dont even try losing weight. These foods just help you gain fat, and it isn t even worth trying to lose weight if you consume any of the foods at least twice a day (in my opinion). If you leave these foods, start exercising by walking for 30 mins a day, after that, start runnin, doin push-up, crunches and all those typical at-home exercises.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4100
Drink lots of water 8 glasses per day (64 ounces) start your day by having a healthy breakfast.  don t skip any meals.  Eat healthy snacks between meals, so you won t be starving when you eat you lunch or dinner.Eat vegetables and fruits.Read nutrient labels on the foods you eat, make sure not high in sugars.NO SWEETS! NOCHIPS! NO SODAS!Exercise even if for only 15 minutes.   Make sure to start every day with a good healthy breakfast and drink water
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69982
well start off slow, you dont want to hurt yourself.  you should exercise more like walking, then move to jogging then running. you might want to try a diet to. or you could just go on a diet

QUESTION ID: 4QNTWQDX65V8YTK
QUESTION SUBJECT: if a person has cancer in the lymph nodes how long can they live?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 50274
For the rest of their lives.Some lymph cancers are treated easily and frequently get better, some are not so easy to treat. Some are treated with targeted therapy (drugs that target certain parts of those particular cancer cells, and little else), and others are treated with more general chemotherapies or other treatments.You need more specific information to find out about a particular person s chances, but remember, if the chances are anything less than 100% that he or she will die from the disease, then there s a chance that they will beat it. Each person will either beat their cancer or succumb to it, so the numbers are irrelevant to individuals.Not even the docs can tell you how long an individual will live. They aren t given that information by the universe. The best they can do is tell you what s happened in similar cases, or that it looks as if he s getting close to the end. ***Edit***As to almost guarantees defeat, almost ALL cancer patients go between great optimism and great hopelessness. Sometimes within hours! Children who aren t old enough to understand cancer die of it or get well. Let s not blamethe sick for dying, let s blame the cancer..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50278
it depends on the cancer.unfortunately; the lymph nodes are how the cancer is spread throughout the body; because the lymph nodes see the cancer as part of your body s natural waaste and sends it to the spleen (i believe) to be processed. it then gets in the blood and can be spread all about the body.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50279
It depends on at what stage the disease is detected. Read full details below-Lymph node cancer or lymphoma is a cancer that accounts for approximately five percent of all cancers. It predominantly effects males but is not exclusive to men. Those most at risk are between the ages of fifteen and thirty four and those over the age of fifty-four. This does not mean that anyone outside of this age range is not at risk but statistically it does seem to fall inside those age groups at a greater rate. Like all other cancers, early detection and treatment is the key to a greater chance of recovery.Hodgkins Disease is a form of lymph node cancer but is rare in its occurrence. It also statistically effects mostly men between the ages of fifteen and thirty-four and men over the age of fifty-four but is not exclusive to men only. Some of the most common symptoms of Hodgkins Disease are night sweats, unexplained wight loss, constant fatigue and unexplained fever. If you are experiencing any or all of these symptoms it is wise to have yourself examined by a doctor as these also could be the symptoms of another disorder.All other remaining types of lymph node cancer are known as non-Hodgkins lymphoma. The majority of lymph node cancers treated are of the non-Hodgkins type. The symptoms of non-Hodgkins lymphoma are the same as Hodgkins Disease. Night sweats, unexplained fever, chronic fatigue and unexplained weight loss.Lymph node cancer is also known as lymphatic cancer. Those with a family history of lymph node cancer statistically fall within a higher risk group of contracting the disease. This is true for both men and women.Lymph node cancer is a type of cancer that involves the lymphatic system. The lymphatic system is an integral part of the bodies immune system. Statistically, the occurrence of lymph node cancer has increased approximately seventy-five percent since nineteen-seventy-three in the United States. Research has revealed that approximately one in fifty-two men and one in sixty-one women in the United States will contract non Hodgkin lymphoma within their lifetime. Studies have indicated that a greater exposure to herbicides and pesticides is greatly responsible for this increase.Lymph node cancer is curable and if detected early and with effective treatment a person with lymph node cancer has a greater chance than ever before of being cured of this disease and if cured can expect to live a long and normal life. Many new and innovative treatments for lymph node cancer have been developed and are now available. The medical community has a greater understanding of lymph node cancer than in years past. Treatments that were once experimental and have been found to be effective are now being used to treat and cure lymph node cancer.As a person ages it is to be expected that he or she will encounter medical challenges, it is part of the aging process. Lymph node cancer might be one of those challenges you encounter in your life s journey. How soundly these challenges are defeated depends greatly on how you approach them. A fighting spirit has been proven time and againto be a powerful weapon to have in your arsenal when battling cancers of all types. Accepting defeat in any challenge almost guarantees defeat. The will to fight and live on has carried so many cancer survivors to victory over the disease.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50280
it depends on when the doctors  catch it.if they catch it early enough they will beable to do radiationif they catch it a little later it has probably spread.it alll depends on what the cancer is.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50281
no one can answer this question. When its our time we will go. Oncologist can give an estimation but they don t know either. Dr s don t like to be put in this situation because they don tknow either. I was told that I would die from cancer but not tomorrow. I feel as if i could possible die from something else before cancer gets me. You just have to keep on living and treating the next day like it will be your last.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89738
I have lymphoma grade 1 stage 4 and i am still after 5 yrs alive and kicking. It all depends on the type and grade as well as stage. The Dr said I could live well in to my 70 ts it is moving SO slow that in the 5 yrs there has been little or no difference in my CT scans, my blood test still are neg, but the bone marrow&bone biopsies say it is there , all through my body. I am thankful that it is so slow that i can live a pretty good life other that being tired.

QUESTION ID: 4ROGKBQP5X6JRZL
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you find the point(x,y,z) of intersection of a line and a plane?
QUESTION CONTENT: the plane is : (x+1)/2=(y-2)/3=(z-3)/4 and the plane is 2x+y-z=0thanks!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4952
First write the equation of the line in a computationally more friendly form.  We will use parametric equations.t = (x + 1)/2 = (y - 2)/3 = (z - 3)/4x = -1 + 2ty = 2 + 3tz = 3 + 4tNow plug the values for (x, y, z) into the equation of the plane and solve for t.2x + y - z = 02(-1 + 2t) + (2 + 3t) - (3 + 4t) = 0-2 + 4t + 2 + 3t - 3 - 4t = 03t = 3t = 1The point of intersection occurs when t = 1.x = -1 + 2t = -1 + 2*1 = 1y = 2 + 3t = 2 + 3*1 = 5z = 3 + 4t = 3 + 4*1 = 7The point of intersection is (1, 5, 7).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63872
Do you know how to plot points on a graph?  First, select some numbers to put into the equation, work it out to a solution.  Then plot the z values on a 3 dimensional graph and you should have the drawing where they intersect.  GoodLuck!

QUESTION ID: 4SRL8Y7ECXCS5P7
QUESTION SUBJECT: how long can people live with leukemia the cml  type?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84613
I guess it depends if your having treatment or what stage your CML is diagnosed, I have added some info I found on the net, what the stages are and some outcomes of survival (remission)Three Phases of CMLChronic myelogenous leukemia has three phases: 1) the chronic phase; 2) the accelerated phase; and 3) the blast crisis phase.Chronic PhaseMost CML patients are diagnosed while in the chronic phase of the disease. During this phase, CML symptoms are less severe because CML cells can mature into functioning white cells and platelets. Thus, infection or bleeding complications do not occur in the chronic phase and patients can function normally if treated, bringing the total white cell count down to near normal. This is accompanied by shrinkage of the spleen, improvement in hemoglobin concentration, and a return to feeling well.Accelerated and Blast Crisis PhasesIn the accelerated phase, patients lose their response to treatment, the white cell and platelet counts may be abnormal, the spleen may enlarge, the patient may feel ill and other complications may ensue.During the blast crisis phase, the number of blast cells increases in marrow and blood; the white cell and platelet counts become very abnormal; and bleeding and infections may occur. Symptoms such as fatigue, shortness of breath, and abdominal pain, and signs such as bone pain and bleeding, may develop.3 to 5 years is the life expectancy after diagnosis of chronic myelogenous leukemia if no treatment or transplant is done  20% of chronic myelogenous leukemia patients has a relapse during the first five years after a transplant 50% of chronic myelogenous leukemia patients will be in remission at 8 years if they receive a transplant within one year of being diagnosed as in the chronic phase
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84614
Here the best info on Leukemia:http://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/hm_llsI don t really know the answer, but this is a thorough site. Best wishes!

QUESTION ID: 4SXENM8ONTSHW8R
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many calories would I burn?
QUESTION CONTENT: Approx doing-*45 minutes of ministry of sound DVD,*30 minutes of swimming: mainly breaststroke,*100 situps,*1 hour spin class (exercise bike workout)???answers to any of these would be fabulous. Ooh btw I am a 16 yr old in good health, just over average weight.thanks in advance.XxxxxX
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6754
Unfortunately, the estimates you can make (based on published tables, or calculation programs) are hugely inaccurate, because your calorie use varies a lot.If you are feeling very enthusiastic and energetic, you will work out harder (using more calories), and if you re in a lower mood you will use calories more slowly, even if you feel like you re doing the same workout.The efficiency of your swimming stroke makes a similar difference. If you are splashy and slow, you will tend to use more calories than are used by doing the same distance or time in a long, gliding style. Measuring your heart rate while you do your 100 situps, would be useful in estimating the calorie expenditure. Doing them in 5 vigorous sets of 20, with your heart rate peaking at over 150 bpm, will burn more calories overall than doing them slowly in a single session while keeping your heart rate under 100 bpm (beats per minute).You also need to consider the balance of fat andsugar that you are using as fuels while you work. Fat is only burned by gentle activities that recruit slow-twitch muscle fibres. Working vigorously (applying conscious effort to the movement) will recruit fast fibres , which are only able to burn sugar. So working harder will use up more calories quickly, but it will make you tired and hungry as your blood sugar is depleted. Although a vigorous workout will keep your energy use going for several hours afterwards, the recovery processes are mainly powered by sugar too, so this extra metabolism isn t burning much fat.Fatburning fibres don t fatigue easily, and won t make you hungry. The more fat an activity uses, the longer you can keep going. Effortlessly gentle exercises and activities will allow you to continue indefinitely and burn fat all the time.This principle applies easily to your swimming stroke. By using a slow, long, streamlined, gentle stroke (one that keeps you stretching out , with a long glide ) you can burn more fat&less sugar, and swim longer with less fatigue. Each stroke will take you further, but wear you out less.This is a more effective method of improving your body condition, than aiming for the fastest calorie burn.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12388
Here is the site i use to find out how many calories i am burning its free by the way, Www.fitday.com You have to put in your exact weight to know how much your body burns doing these things, this site will tell you. Try it out you have nothing to loose except unwanted pounds.

QUESTION ID: 4T8EOQ8JRERXSS1
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75669
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground.  If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere onEarth, which consist of water droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24334
The answer you seek is here-http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result;_ylt=AtUyZZ4BTdXkNqmV4ybX7I3py6IX?p=Why+is+the+sky+blue%3F
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24335
there are two answers 1 because blue is deflected a bit different than the others or and this is just an idea: because oxygen is as a liquid blue so it might retain some of it s color as a gas.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24336
cos polka dots just clash with everything
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24337
everything absorbs certain wavelengths and reflects others. wavelengths of visible light correspond to certain colors.  the gases in the atmosphere absorb all of the other colors except for blue, thus reflecting blue and so the wavelengths of light that correspond to blue light reach your eyes causing the sky to appear blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24338
HAHAHA. The sky s not actually blue. It s the color on the other side of the color wheel. It just looks blue because all of the other colors are absorbed by the particles (mostly air and water vapor) that make up the sky. And the particles are so small that blue light is the frequency that is just high and small enough to become slightly amplified.

QUESTION ID: 4TGVHM7IEXRAVOZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do u find out who ur related to?
QUESTION CONTENT: i m part German/Dutch and Irish and i wanted to know where i could find out where my familiy is from.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78559
Roughly 75% of the non-Hispanic caucasians in the US have Germanic and Irish roots. You can probably get back to your great-great grandparents in a couple of weeks. Most young people don t want to spend that much time, however.This rest of this is a long, general answer to your question, with some links. Genealogy is the most popular hobby on the Internet for people over 40. As an example, Cyndi s List (cyndislist.com) is a web site with nothing but links to other genealogy sites. She has over 250,000 links.The next two links are to the two largest free data bases on the Internet. Family Search (familysearch.com) is run by the LDS Church - the Mormons. RootsWeb World Connect (worldconnect.genealogy) is a collection of genealogical data that other genealogists have uploaded. Try your two surnames in each data base - your father s surname and your mother s maiden surname. That will give you a feel for how much research has been done on those two surnames. Even better, if you can, call your grandparents and ask what THEIR grandparent s names were - maiden name for the ladies. Their birth day and birth state will help too. Those 16 peopleare your great-great grandparents. Most Yahoo! users are 20, give or take 10 years. Most people have children between the ages of 20 and 40, which averages to 30 years per generation. So, if you were born 20 years ago, your mother and father were born 50 years ago, your four grandparents were born 80 years ago, your eight great-grandparents were born 110 years ago and your sixteen great-great grandparents were born 140 years ago. (Those are averages; your results will vary. If you can get the names of all 16 of your great-great grandparents, you should be able to find at least one or two by name in one of the data bases.The fourth link (superpages) is a web-based phone book. It will tell you how many people with your surname have listed phone numbers in the US.The last link (begingen.html) is a page on my web site with some hints for beginners.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10345
First ask you family what they know. Then head to the public library and see if they can help you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48691
go to ancestry.com you can type in your info, and it will give you really good free info about ancestors.

QUESTION ID: 4UWPVI7CY8R2K7V
QUESTION SUBJECT: I just Had a Heart attack in August of this year at the young age of 34. How do I deal with all this?
QUESTION CONTENT: Im 35 now.I just turned 35 in september but in August of this year I had a heart attack. I had 4 blocked autries and so therefor I had to have a bypass done. I cant believe at 34 years of age I had to have open heart surgery. My question is How do I go on knowing that at anytime I could have another heart attack. I came so close to dying that it was unreal. Im suffering from deppresion because of it so I would love to hear from anyone that has some advice.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9669
just take 1 day at a time. i went through the depression state after my 2 open heart surgeriess @39, i still get depressed and its been 4 years but i just thank gos for modern technologies and that they were able to fix what was wrong
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35753
Sorry to hear about your Coronary Heart Disease.Whatever you do DON T  fall victim to the cholesterol SCAMKeep an eye on HOMOCYSTEINE, BLOOD SUGAR (hopefully you are not a diabetic)  WEIGHT, STRESSAlso when the time comes consistently excercise, but discuss with your doctor what type and what intensity.tecStatins might be beneficial for someone in YOUR  situation because of their anti clotting anti inflamatory properties.NORT  because of LDL loweringICholesterol does not cause CHD. Read here www.ravnskov.nu/cholesterol.htmwww.theomnivore.comI suggest you read all the 18 Clinical Dietary Intervention Trials in Colpo s boook which show NOE BENEFIT to replacing saturated fat with polyunsaturatedYour atherosclerosis was FIBEROUS SCAR TISSUE SMOOTH MUSCLE CELLS MAINLY.It is NOT wads of fa t NOR wads of cholesterol THIS  is  a LIEHuman atherosclerosis contains very  little cholesterol. It also contains very little fat. Like I said earlier it is 90% FIBROUS SCAR TISSUE,  SMOOTH MUSCLE CELLS. IT RESEMBLES A SCABOut of the SMALL percentage of fats that they do contain 80 percent IS POLYUUNSATURATED NEXT IS MONOUNSATURATED . Satuares make  up the LEAST Keep the stress LOW. Daily excercise ( light to moderate , whichever you are able to do  Wtach BLOOD  SUGAR LEVELS Watch C-Ractive protein levels and HOMOCYSTEINEBest of luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35754
my brother had the same situation as you,for him it was 9 years ago, every time he had some sort of pain he was right back at the hospital, it has been a very hard and rocky road. of course this changed his life forever as his own familys. i would tell you and i am sure you have heard this before. you just can not sit around and worry, for each of us do not know when our time when come. some one completly heathly can be gone before you. you just never know . please just live your life every day to the fullest, do not take it for granted. enjoy every minute you can, enjoy family and friends, let them know how much you love and care for them. my brother was in a very bad depression, he had to start seeing a mental health doctor for his depression. maybe it would be good for you to talk to some one about your situation before you get to depressed. best of luck to you, i will pray for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35755
I have been there, i have been going through the same thing this past year i was 33 at the time of my operation. and even though it has been a year i still have depression problems. I deal with it by talking to friends and family and by keeping a journal. every time that i get to feeling down i set back and think of all that i have to live for and how my family needs me and i write down all the feelings that i am having.it helps me. try to get in a support group that may also help but most of all don t forget that there is always someone who loves you out there and that you can not allow yourself to dwell on what has hap pend and what could happen, just live life one day at a time and live it to its fullest. good luck and remember that i am thinking and praying for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35756
Hello Payton,You ve gotta look at his as a new lease on life.  You are through the worst part, being the surgery.  Now that you are aware that you have a predispositin to heart disease, you need to adopt a strategy to prevent it from recurring until perhaps you are a ripe old age.  And with diet and liftstyle modicfications you can do just that.  Dr. Dean Ornish has done extensive research on preventing and reversing heart disease, and he has published several books on the subject.  He claims that heart disease can be prevented, and in many cases slowly reversed.  He has many clinical studies to back up his claims.  He is basically advocating a very low fat (less than 10%) no cholesterol vegetarian diet, regular moderate exercise, and finding ways to control the stress issues in your life.  This is not easy to do, but it can be done.  Most  people do not have the will power to make such dynamic changes in there lives for the long term, which is why this plan is not prescribed by many physicians.  One of the previous posts indicated that cholesterol was not a factor in heart disease, which is incorrect.  Cholesterol is just one of many contributing factors that contribute to CAD, so it should be controlled.As adults, we are all walking around with some degree of blockages in our coronary arteries.  CAD starts in childhood and progresses as weage, faster in some individuals than others.  At this point and time, you are starting with a clean slate, and can rest assured in the knowledge that you have survived a bypass operation and can now reap the benefits, being remarkably better blood flow to you heart.  Millions of people are walking around with cad and don t even know it.  Your much better off than them, as you are aware of your cad and can now take the steps necessary to improve your cardiac health.  Knowledge is power.  Educate yourself.  Read the Dr. Dean Ornish books.  Adopt what he advocates into your life.  You absolutley can go on to live a normal life span if you are willing to make the sacrifices to do so.  It s well worth it.  You can do it!      By adopting this lifestyle to manage your CAD, you will take charge of this disease.  You will be in control, not the disease.  It will empower you to take back control of your life, and lose that dreadful sense of impending doom that I believe you are feeling.  Please feel free to email me if you would like further input.  This is a subject that is near and dear to my heart and I would be glad to provide you with assistance if I can.

QUESTION ID: 4V5M8CV6BQJP684
QUESTION SUBJECT: How far in advance can warnings be issued for an El Nino/La Nina?
QUESTION CONTENT: Thanks in advance to everyone that answers! :)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5214
I believe that as soon as we see some reverses in the equatorial current in the east Pacific and the Peru current off Peru and Chili that we can identify the beginning of an El Nino.Here are a few facts about each of these phenomena: When non El Nino conditions exist we find a high pressure ridge over the eastern Pacific Ocean and lower pressures over Indonesia. This gives us the typical easterlies along the equator. This condition is accompanied by upwelling and cooler ocean water in the eastern Pacific with warmer water in the western Pacific. The trades are the lower extent of what is called the Walker circulation - rising air and heavy rain over the western Pacific and sinking dry air over the eastern Pacific. When this condition I have just described in very strong an exceptionaly cool eastern Pacific is referred to as a La Nina event. The name means the girl child .When the high pressure ridge over the eastern Pacific weakens and the low pressure over the western Pacific is replaced by high pressure the easterlies are weakened and basically replaced by westerlies. This carries warm water eastward and the Walker circulation is reversed with heavy precipitation over the eastern Pacific and drier sinking air over the west. This describes an El Nino event. Because it is often observed around December and Christmas it was given the name the boy child . The upper atmosphere reflects these reversals when a ridge in the upper atmospheric flow is replaced by a trough in the east and the trough in the west is replaced by a ridge. The trough in the east now brings the heavy precipitation into the western US bringing snow to higher elevations and latitudes and rain to northern Mexico. Because there is likely to be another trough over the eastern US, there will be warmer and wetter weather there as well. With this information you can decide which event you believe is worse, El Nino or La Nina.I ve provided you with this answer because these two weather phenomena are closely related and gives us a few ideas as to how they are detected and at what points they may be announced.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64363
El Nino&La Nina are a constant cycle El Ni??o / La Nina as a physical occurrence is a proven fact. The way it works is a theory (actually several different theories). El Ni??o / La Nina is as real as other weather phenomena: thunderstorms, for instance. We recognize its characteristics as similar to previous occurrences, and note that its life cycle is roughly the same each time. (Of course each one is different, as each thunderstorm is different, but the basic evolution is similar enough that we know an El Ni??o / La Nina when we see it). See the two Below Links for more to your question

QUESTION ID: 4WD3F6APXX6XHVK
QUESTION SUBJECT: How true that colon cancer cell s progression is slow, occurs while young but shows symptoms by age 50 s?
QUESTION CONTENT: as i am in my late 30 s only(?), my doctor is puzzled that i  being younger to exhibit symptoms of the disease...am the youngest in the brood of 5 and the only one in the family to have it (or any cancer for that matter)..the rest of my siblings will follow suit w/ colonoscopy soon...any of them may be positive w/c worries me more...please help me clarify this notion medical people or not...thank you...
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 44906
No one knows the answer to this question. It is possible that malignant cells can remain dormant in the body, this happens to cancer patients who experience relapse. So, it may not be a slow cancer you are describing but a dormant cancer cell that has not yet begun to grow. At some point, perhaps age . . or some carcingoen . . or hormones . . something triggers that dormant cell to begin growing uncontrollably. But, it is not clear why.My son has a rare cancer that seemed to come out of nowhere. He actually had a well physical in December of that year so he could play sports. He had a complete physical and was found healthy. A month later in January he was not recovering from the flu. By early March he was diagnosed with stage IV sarcoma. I asked this same question . . could thishave started when he was really little and been growing all along? And, I was told, probably not . . that the cancer can absolutely grow that aggressively and fast in only a few months. Since that time I have met other patients with this disease . . sometimes the cancer grows in as little as weeks . . but sometimes for unknown reasons it will sit dormant and not grow at all.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87271
As a broad generalization the statement has an element of truth, but as you have experienced there are many exceptions. Many persons, especially those with a family history of colon cancer, have pre-cancerous polyps in their colon. In most individuals these grow very slowly. Some never become cancerous, some become cancerous in the late 40 s and beyond. Most still grow slowly, but eventually they spread into the mesenteric lymph nodes and from there to the liver. These pre-cancerous polyps can be removed via colonoscopy. Protocols differ, but oneis that persons with no family history of colon cancer should have a colonoscopy every 10 years after age 40; if family history is positive, every 5 years; and if polyps are found, 3 years after that. Your gastroenterologist or the American Cancer Society is a better source of information.

QUESTION ID: 4XU6UKRR1W4X4ZD
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much info do we have on planet X?
QUESTION CONTENT: How much info do we have on planet X?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75025
It depends on what you mean by Planet X.Before Pluto was discovered astronomer Percival Lowell made a prediction that there was another planet beyond Neptune. He did this by observing slight deviations in the expected orbit of Neptune. (The same process has allowed astronomers and mathematicians to predict the existence and location of Neptune based on slight irregularities in the orbit of Uranus.)Lowell looked, but died before anything was found. Clyde Tombaugh resumed the search. By this time the mystery planet was called Planet X. Eventually Tombaugh did discover a new planet, Pluto, but it was smaller than expected and not where Lowell had predicted. It is likely that Lowell was simply wrong and Tombaugh got lucky......sort of. We now know that there are many objects in the far reaches of the solar system (beyond the orbit of Neptune) which are the inner part of the Kuiper belt. One of these has been found to be larger than Pluto.So, while Pluto (Planet X) retains official planet status, it is largely for historical reasons. Had we discovered Pluto in the 1990s and not 1930s it is likely Pluto would never had been classified as a planet.However, it is possible that there is a large, say, Neptune-sized, object out there. Some evidence for this can be found in the distribution of Kuiper objects. But it is still very uncertain. Such a distance planet, could be called Planet 10, or, for roman numeral fans, Planet X. Such a large distant object would be very faint and move only slowly across the sky (making it hard to distinguish from a star).Another meaning for Planet X is a Nibiru, a fictional planet based on one person s faulty knowledge of Sumerian artifacts, which has been taken up by various new age and pseudo-science looney groups. A couple of years ago Nibiru was supposed to pass close to Earth leading to floods, earthquakes, death, destruction, yadda yadda yadda. This prediction being based on one woman s (Nancy Lieder) telepathic communications with various aliens.Just as an aside, Ms. Lieder s aliens also told her that the Hale-Bopp comet of a few years ago - which lead to the suicide of one band of cult members - was just a star. To make sure she wasn t swayed by actual observations of the cometary tale and motion across the sky she simply refused to look at it. Those pesky aliens!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29975
What planet are you talking about?

QUESTION ID: 4YDBA1CMX1ZIEUU
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can u tell someone s lying?
QUESTION CONTENT: sometimes i think im beinglied toand everything goes wrong!!!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17384
Below are a list of traits and signs accumulated from a wide variety of sources.  . Liars tend to move their arms, hands, and fingers less and blink less than people telling the truth do, and liars voices can become more tense or high-pitched. The extra effort needed to remember what they ve already said and to keep their stories consistent may cause liars to restrain their movements and fill their speech with pauses. People shading the truth tend to make fewer speech errors than truth tellers do, and they rarely backtrack to fill in forgotten or incorrect details.  . People who lie tend to avoid details in favor of bold facts. Liars tended to string together very simple actions. They tend to avoid details. . Sadness is very hard to fake. When someone is genuinely sad, the forehead wrinkles with grief and the inner corners of the eyebrows are pulled up. By contrast, the lowering of the eyebrows associated with an angry scowl can be faked by almost everybody. If someone says they are sad and the inner corners of their eyebrows don t go up, they are likely faking it. . People who are uncomfortable or lying often repeat the question you ask them. . When we smile genuinely we move more than just our mouth, the orbicularis oculi, the muscle around the eye that gives us ???crow s-feet??? also moves. Liars tend to just move their mouths. It takes only two muscles, the zygomaticus major muscles that extend from the cheekbones to the corners of the lips produce a grin. . Liars may also feel fear and guilt or delight at fooling people. Such emotions can trigger a change in facial expression so brief that most observers never notice. These split-second microexpressions. are emotional clues are as important as gestures, voice, and speech patterns in uncovering deceitfulness.  . Speech Pattern Changes. Liars may mispronounce words, mumble and take longer pauses between a question and a response than honest people. This happens because the liar is not sure where they???re going with the lie or might be having trouble following through with the lie. . Looking down while talking may indicate someone is embarrassed or does not know. . Fidgeting may indicate nervousness due to deception. . Touching the face while talking may be a sign the person is uncomfortable or deceptive. The higher up on the face the worse the lie. . Shifty Eyes. A liar often will not look you straight in the eye. . Changing Pupils. A liars pupils may change in size. This happens because when under stress (e.g. lying), adrenaline is released causing the pupils to dilate. Enlarged pupils can also indicate attraction so don t forget always look for patterns of lying. . Speech Pattern Changes. Liars may mispronounce words, mumble and take longer pauses between a question and a response than honest people. This happens because the liar may be hesitating before they make up a lie, or they are searing for a suitable lie that fits the occasion. . Fidgeting. Tapping the fingers, nose scratching,, fake coughs and playing with something in their fingers could all be the signs discomfort and lying. . Heavy breathing, sweating or tight jaw. . Looking up while talking may indicate someone is lying. . People who lie tend not to use pronouns like I or me . . If questioned enough liars often will not be able to remember the lies they have made up and will attack or leave before they are trapped. . Liars are afraid of getting caught and they might feel guilty so they may express anger or storm around as a show to hide their anxiety. That way the anger or anxiety they show has reasonable explanation, besides the real one, which is - they are lying.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43922
It s very difficult, often impossible, to tell if a person is lying.  Some people can hide the fact that they re lying, while others blush, perspire, or even tremble.  Unfortunately, this doesn t get easier with time.  Even adults with many years worth of experience can t always pinpoint a lie.  However, if this person has told you many lies, I would suspect him/her every time he tells me something.  Lying can be a crime that sends you to jail.  Martha Stewart, the great chef on TV, was sent to jail for 5 months for lying.  She served her full time, even though she s a multi-millionaire.  Liars destroy their own reputations.  Eventually, they ll be caught and then no one will ever believe them.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43923
If they stare into your eyes, they are lying
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43924
His or her eyes and feel his or her pulse on his or her hands because it will increase because he or she is getting nervous because he or she is lying.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87003
if they are touching // playing with their shirt or hair. if your sitting at a table they put things inbetween you and theirself. No eye contactt. It their sweatty, it takes them awhile to answeer.&&Good Luckk

QUESTION ID: 4ZF2LJ4E0SC08OU
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do we spend so much more money on breast cancer research than other forms?
QUESTION CONTENT: I just read several articles about cancer deaths and found that far more men die of prostate cancer than women die of breast cancer. Also, men are much more likely to get this cancer than women get breast cancer.Everywhere we look (on TV, radio, bumper stickers) we see pink. Even with all the hubbub about tobacco causing deaths, we don t spend nearly as much money on lung cancer research etc. Why is there such a disparity?Oh, I was also wondering if it might help to start making brown ribbons to raise awareness to Prostate Cancer! ;-P
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 37681
All cancer deserves equal funding. It is an absolute horror no matter what age, stage or grade or type of cancer you have. A horror. I cannot in good conscience try to pick out one cancer that should receive more attention and more funding than another, including breast cancer. I am glad that they have the support and organization to lead the fight against their cancer. On the other hand, I have a child with a rare cancer. There is always a sinking feeling in my gut because children and young people with his disease are dying. Pretty much all of them . . and it is a rotten, rotten cancer that robs these young people of life. Their bellies fill up with multiple huge tumors that become so heavy they can no longer stand up. I cannot even convey how misearable this disease is. It is so difficult when the little ones, the five to ten year old children have this cancer. I know that there are other diseases out there that deserve funding and research, but my heart aches for the young people suffering from abdominal sarcoma. There are no pink ribbons for them. There are no advocates for them. They are invisible in our society. They die slowly and painfully and out of the way so that no one notices. And, it s nobody s fault.But, back to the question, the reason for the disparity is simply . . large numbers of people, survivors,  and a good solid organization dedicated to education and advocating for funds to stop breast cancer. Rare cancers do not have the organization because they don t have the numbers of people needed for a campaign and truthfully, few survivors are left to advocate for their disease. And, although the medical community is intrigued by this rare cancer, currently funding is limited for cancers that could save so few people, and there is no active research taking place. People with rare cancer at the moment . . are expendable. They are the part of the statistics rattled off casually.But what can you do? There is little we can do about it. So, we just do the best that we can and always stay focused and hopeful. And, yeah, we support research for all cancer.Maybe someday I ll have the energy to do more. But, for now, I do what I can by doing research and have created a patient database searching for treatments that may benefit them all.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37682
I dont know. But dont I think a difference in publicity in this case means a difference in research funds. Not all the money in research comes from such campains. If you look at the actual funds, even for academic research, most of it (the biggest amounts, which are actually an investment) comes from pharmas. If there are a lot of people suffering from it, pharmas will definetely invest. The more people, the more money they get. Remember, those companies are in stock markets, in which retirement funds are invested... You wouldn t like them to make bad investments, would you ?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37683
While all cancer is obviously a terrible thing, most people don t realize how ordinary it is: about 1 in four of us will develop some form of cancer in our lifetime.  Prostate cancer generally strikes older men, and though sometimes very serious, the men who have it often die of something else age-related first.  Breast cancer strikes women of all ages.Breast cancer has also become one of the more manageable cancers over the last few years.  I know this sounds like a cold, hard choice, but who would you rather save, if you had to choose; a 25-year-old mother of two babies, or a 74-year-old grandfather who has lived a rich, full life?Lung cancer from tobacco products is a lifestyle choice! *(Yes, I know that not all lung cancer is a consequence of tobacco use, but an awful lot of it is. )

QUESTION ID: 4ZYKEZHVNCB0NL8
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much salt does it take to satureted a solution at room temperature?
QUESTION CONTENT: How much salt does it take to satureted a solution at room temperature?My teacher want s a 150 page paper on this subject and i have no clue on this part. Can you help me i dont want to fail.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7997
The solubility is 359 grams per liter.  Seeing how I do not work for the government, I could not possibly stretch the answer into 150 pages.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3553
150 pages? What is this - a congressional report about paper conservation??Seriously though, here are a few things about salt:Salt is chemically known as Sodium Chloride. The chemical formula is NaCl. It is an inorganic compound, meaning it does not contain carbon. Therefore, salt does not burn. It will however melt around 800 degrees, and using electric current, salt will decompose into yellow chlorine gas and silvery Sodium metal. The British chemist Sir Humphry Daves discovered the element Sodium in this manner.Salt is an ionic compound, meaning when it dissolves in water it forms positive Sodium ions and negative Chlorine ions:NaCl ->Na(+) + Cl(-)Salt is the major mineral present in seawater, which contains about 3% salt by weight. If the seawater is evaporated, it makes brine. Brine has a salt concentration anywhere between 10 and 30% by weight. When electric current is applied to brine, the products are Chlorine gas,Hydrogen gas and caustic soda:2NaCl + 2H2O ->2NaOH + Cl2 + H2Chlorine is used as a disinfectant to purify water. Caustic soda is otherwise known as lye. It is what oven cleaner and drain opener are made of. Mixed with lard, it makes soap.At room temperature, water can dissolve about 30% of its weight in salt. This does not change much as the water warms. Boiling water can only hold about 40% by weight. If the 40% solution is allowed to cool, salt crystals begin to form. The crystals are cubic, meaning they are perfect cubes. The shape of the crystals a substance forms is characteristic of the substance.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61656
Which salt are you using?If you areusing sodium chloride, it is about 37 grams for 100ml of water.How much water are you using?Do you have a solubility graph? If you do, you can read off the graph the amount that will dissolve in 100ml of water at given temperatures.Sodium chloride, NaCl, table salt, does not increase much as the temperature increases, as most salts do
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68741
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naclit takes 359 grams of salt to saturate  liter of water at 25 degrees centigrade.  you might try writing down everything related to salt and get 150 sub topics and write a page about each. talk about people and salt, then talk about places and salt, and talk about things and salt. like you could start out with the useage of salt by humans (people) thruought history.  the romans used it.......curing pork with it, preserving food. talk about modern human health and salt and how its causing so much hypertension. maybe talk about fast foodand salt?   then you could talk about places that have to do with salt like salt lake city utah usa and the morton salt company. and places like the salt  flats in nevada usa and places like the  the dead sea which is the worlds second salties body of water.  then things that are salt like salt brine and how it made what it is use for, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_sea

QUESTION ID: 51FR4XDIH7718H2
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long would a piece of pottery have to be left in a kiln before they are sufficiently baked ?
QUESTION CONTENT: A standard piece of pottery would be a 12 diameter bowl with normal red clay.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 58810
about 24 hours at 2000 degrees
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1916
That is not so simple a question... it depends on your clay body .... different clay bodies are fired to different temperatures... then you have a bisque firing and a glaze firing unless you are doing Raku.You aren t baking the clay as you would a cake or a pie.... you are firing the clay to a temperature where vitrification takes places... causing crystalline changes in the clay.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1917
do not attempt to use an kiln if you are not trained in its use. The temperatures go up over 1800 degrees in some cases. what is normal red clay?  There are several types of clay, the most common is terra cotta.  However not all red clays are terra cotta...  where did you get it from? The time is dependent upon the type of clay used, the thickness of the piece and type of kiln , electric or gas.  Then the kiln is supposed to cool down before the piece is removed. If you subject a really hot piece to cool air, it may very well crack.  There are many books on firing ceramics in the school and public libraries. Ask the librarian to help you learn how to use the library tofind what you want.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 58811
1 to 24  hour will bake it and even less, depending on the pottery.My Mom bakes potatoes in about 15 min. This is a form of pottery except we eat it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 58814
There are too many variables at play here for anyone to answer conclusively. Time is not the critical measure. For that matter, neither is temperature. Potters use a concept called heat work to determine when pottery has been properly fired.Heat work, a combination of time and temperature is measured by pyrometric cones . Pyrometric cones (usually simply called cones ) are ceramic materials carefully prepared to melt at a specific point. Actually, their shape causes them to bend over before they totally melt, so that you can see when they begin to melt. See http://www.ortonceramic.com/pyrometrics/arts/cones.shtmlUsually, a potter will place a minimum of three cones in the kiln: one cone that melts at the desired point, one that melts a bit sooner and one that melts a bit later. As firing progresses, the potter periodically looks through a small hole in the side of the kiln to observe the cones. When the low temperature cone melts, the potter knows that the firing is close to being complete. When the target cone melts, the firing is considered complete. The third cone, which should remain unmelted, verifies that the firing did not progress too far.The type of clay that you re talking about is probably an earthenware clay, which would normally be fired to cone 6 but may be fired as low as cone 1. The true test of whether a piece has been properly fired for food service has to do with how well the clay body has vitrified , or become glass-like, which is tested using a water adsorption test, which I won t describe here.The red color in your clay comes from iron, which is a powerful flux at high temperature. Translated into normal people terms, that means that a bowl made form a high iron clay will melt into a puddle on the kiln shelf long before an identical one made from a porcelain clay body. You need to find out what the intended firing point of your clay body is. The supplier of the clay will be able to tell you that.If you are using clay that you dug up somewhere, you will need to determine the proper vitrification point yourself. It s not hard to do so, but that is another topic that would take too much space to describe here.

QUESTION ID: 51QAUFUQ368V0EC
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is marriage important?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 784
Marriage is NOT important for the man and the woman. It is just a legal certificate . That piece of paper does not bringLove , trust, Intimacy and Respect.Marriage brings about a certain responsibility  and accountability .A child can be born and that needs to be taken care  of. It is in this that suddenly marriage becomes important. There are countries in the world ( europe)  where the state takes care of the child, as if the state is the mother. In such a situation marriage is not considered important in such countries.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12648
Marriage is terribly important.You may break it, it is another matter.Marriage brings a man within the ambit of a family life.It gives a sense of purpose by binding one to certain duties.It is at times be disastrous, tragic, and painful. But going through it makes a man perfect and he/she gets a slice of life that is vitally important in going ahead and defining a course of life.If first marriage breaks down one learns from it and tries to make the second one better.One is ensconced in a life of togetherness and in this state the pain and unfairness of the circumstances become bearable. One shares moments of happiness and tragedy and this adds a new dimension to perfection and tolerance. The procreation is another important aspect of married life.Only a happy couple can provide all the love and care that a new born needs and till the child becomes adult.If marriage proves to be a failure you become a philosopher and if it becomes successful you taste the nectar of God.Or, conversely, it is like a laddu(fudge) of Delhi; if you eat you regret it and if you don t eat you regret it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40561
well, depends on wheather its love marriage or arranged one.if its arrange marriage its important to make ur family happy,and if its love marriage its important to make ur galfriend happy..as simple as dat..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40562
Spouses not only image the love of God with in the Trinity; they also image the love between God and all humanity, made visible in the love of Christ and the Church.  By virtue of their Baptisms, the marriage of Christians is a sacrament.  That means it???s a living sign that truly communicates and participates in the union of Christ the Church.  The marriage vows lived out in the spouses??? ???One Flesh??? union constitutes this living sign.  Paraphrasing St. Paul:  For this reason a man will leave father and mother and cling to his bride, and the two shall become one flesh.  This is a profound mystery, and it refers to Christ and the Church<Eph 5:31-32>.  Christ left his Father in heaven.  He left the home of his mother on earth - to give up his body for his Bride (Catholic Church) so that we might become ???one flesh??? with him.  Where do we become ???one flesh??? with Christ?  Most specifically in the Eucharist.  The Eucharist is the sacramental consummation of the marriage between Christ and the Church.  And when we receive the body of our heavenly Bridegroom into our own, just like a bride we conceive new life in us - God???s very own life.  As Christ said, ???Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in you???  (Jn 6:53).Since the ???one flesh??? communion of man and wife foreshadowed the Eucharistic communion of Christ and the Church right from the beginning, John Paul II speaks of marriage as the ???Primordial Sacrament.???  Let???s pause for a moment to let this reality sink in.  Of all the ways that God chooses to reveal his life and love in the created world, John Paul II is saying, marriage - enacted and consummated by sexual union - is the most fundamental.  St. Paul wasn???t kidding when he said this is a ???profound mystery.???  Could God have made our sexuality any more important than this?  Any more beautiful?  Any more glorious?  God gave us sexual desire itself to be the power to love as he loves, so that we could participate in the divine life and fulfill the very meaning of our being and existence.Sounds great you say, but it???s a far cry from the way sex play itself out in the experience of real human beings.  Yes, it is.  The historical abuse of women at the hands of men; the tragedy of rape and other heinous sex crimes, even against children; AIDS and a host of other sexually transmitted diseases; unwed mothers; ???fatherless??? children; abortion; adultery; skyrocketing divorce rates; prostitution; a multibillion-dollar pornography industry; the general cloud of shame and guilt that hangs over sexual matters - all of this paints a very different picture from the one St. Paul and John Paul II give us.The picture it paints, in fact, is the tragedy of human sinfulness and our fall from God???s intention for our sexuality ???in the beginning???.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40563
So you both can get half of everything when it doesn t work out.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40564
In the absence of a secure and sustainable arrangements implemented by the society - a marriage provides an alternative means in which a man and a woman promise one another to take care of one another for life and safeguard all of their common interests.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53727
The sanctity of marriage is important because it is the foundationof  family values - which we are now slowly losing...Sad, but that s the Truth.Riza

QUESTION ID: 52BN8BZE25PSRPX
QUESTION SUBJECT: What is the experimental prosdure of Why is the Sky Blue?? ?
QUESTION CONTENT: I need this for a science project&&I looked everywhere but cant find he answer!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79159
first of all, to Paranoid Princess:whoa, whoa WHOA.  just a minute.  the sky is not blue because there s liquid oxygen in the upper atmosphere.  that s just retarded and you shouldn t go presenting bizzare mis-truths as fact when they *aren t* fact.here is a profile of temperatures at various altitudes:http://www.windows.ucar.edu/tour/link=/earth/images/profile_jpg_image.htmlas you can clearly see the lowest temperature is about -100C.  oxygen liquefies at -182C at normal pressures (reference: http://www.ucc.ie/ucc/depts/chem/dolchem/html/elem/elem008.html ), and even lower temperatures at the low pressures in the upper atmosphere.  PLEASE don t present some bizarre fiction as truth to someone who isn t well-informed enough to know that you re simply fabricating nonsense from thin air.  if you have simply been misled by someone else, at least try to do a marginal amount of research before answering a question on something you don t know much about.that said, to the original asker:the sky is blue because of a phenomenon called rayleigh scattering , which occurs because the molecules of air (mostly N2 and O2) happen to be the right size to scatter blue light in all directions.  some of this blue light reaches your eye after being re-scattered again by a second molecule, sometimes all the way across the sky.  this is also why the sky turns red at sunset - at low angles, the sunlight has to travel a longer distance through the atmosphere, and by the time it reaches your eye, a lot of the blue light has already been scattered away, leaving yellow orange and red.  (i have yet to hear any explanation of why the sky doesn t turn green between daytime and sunset, though.  still tryin to figure that one out.)anyway here are some home/school experiments designed to illustrate rayleigh scattering:http://www.physics.brown.edu/physics/demopages/Demo/optics/demo/6f4010.htmhttp://www.chaosscience.org.uk/dem/public_html/article.php?story=20050222224622239http://teachers.web.cern.ch/teachers/archiv/HST2002/smallexp/krug/Rayleigh.htmhttp://bulldog2.redlands.edu/facultyfolder/deweerd/research/scattering-AJP.pdfhttp://www.ktca.org/newtons/9/sky.htmlalso, a nice page illustrating rayleigh scattering:http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/atmos/blusky.htmland a slightly more advanced version:http://world.std.com/~mmcirvin/bluesky.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12543
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27324
Well, to first answer the question of why is the sky blue? , the answer is that the sky is blue because of oxygen. If you take the same oxygen that everyone is breathing right now and freeze it until it changes from a gas to a liquid, it what you would get would be the same shade of blue as the sky is. As oxygen warms up and changes from a liquid back into a gas, the blueness gives way to a white mist, identical to the mist that emits from dry ice.As far as the experimental procedure for changing the state of oxygen from a gas to a liquid state, while I ve never done it, you can find the exact instructions as to how this is done. I should warn you though, if you do decide to make liquid oxygen, it is extremely flammable. To understand what exactly you d be handling if you decide to liquefy oxygen to show that it s what makes the sky blue, type in liquid oxygen explosions into an internet search engine.      Whatever you do, be careful. As far as the full answer to why the sky is blue, you have to keep in mind that way up in the atmosphere, it is extremely cold. Cold enough to cause oxygen to change from a gas to a liquid state. Clouds are also make of oxygen, too. As it descends in the atmosphere, it warms up and changes from a liquid back into a gas again. As the oxygen warms up as it descends, it changes from a liquid to a white colored vapor, and finally, to a colorless gas.     Remember that oxygen is only colorless when it is in the gas state.

QUESTION ID: 52PYFP3SI24XMGV
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long does a heartattack usually last?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 42517
There was an article recently that said the duration of unusual or severe compliants for supposedly sudden death from heart attacks, showed the victims had symptoms for from 2 to 10 hours prior to leaving the rest of us behind .This was from interviews from family members or other witnesses who were interviewed for this specific study.Most did not think they were having a heart attack.  First heart attacks are typically fatal in about 60% (6 of 10) instances.For those of us who are heart patients, a spray of nitroglycerin  or a tablet may relieve symptoms in a few minutes.  Without it, it depends on if you have collateral arteries that will open, calming down, or getting to an Emergency Room, or summoning help from 911. The pain will last until the blockage is relieved, but may stop when the heart tissue lacking oxygen dies.  I don t know about that yet.The intense chest pain is the classic symptom, but not the only one.  The pain can be mild for a blockage in a tiny artery supplying less than 1% of the heart, or big for a total blockage of a main artery supplying 40% of the heart.  Smaller blockage pains can actually be felt across the heart in the vicinity of where they occur.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42518
Practically speaking the heart attack can occur during the sleep and the patient won t notice it, it s accidentally discovered on routine EKG/ Annual check up.In old Diabetics there may be no symptom, sudden death.It is generally known that 1st 24 Hours are critical during and than the enzymes/EKG will show weather the patient has settled still he has to remain on ACS protocol.It varies so any one giving a specific time table is incorrect much depend on the extent of coronary artery status and underlying disease if any.

QUESTION ID: 5413X2IMOIPR582
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does depression happen?
QUESTION CONTENT: Why? Especially to teenagers like me. I m only 16 and dealing with heavy depression. I want to know what are some of the actual causes besides chemical thingys in the brain .
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77199
Teenagers get depressed very easily. Whether it is because they do not fit in or they are not happy with their body type. Teenage girls are at more risk of depression then boys. More than likely they will not tell you what is wrong and pressuring them to tell you is not a good thing it will only cause tension at home.   You only thing you really can do give them more praise for things they do right like a good grade, how they look, or just do more family things that they enjoy. You have to help them through it even if you have to do it at a distance. Factors involved in causing depression, include: ??A history of depression in the family: It is believed that depression is passed genetically from generation to generation, although the exact way this occurs is not known. ??Grief from the death or loss of a loved one. ??Personal disputes, like conflict with a family member. ??Physical, sexual, or emotional abuse. ??Major events that occur in everyone s lives, such as moving, graduating, changing jobs, getting married or divorced, retiring, etc. ??Serious illness: depressed feelings are a common reaction to many medical illnesses. ??Certain medications ??Substance abuse: close to 30% of people with substance abuse problems also have major depression. ??Other personal problems: these may come in the forms of social isolation due to other mental illnesses, or being cast out of a family or social circle. From www.webmd.comBut listen VERY carefully do not take it lighty. It is a very serious matter. If it gets worse or you don t think you can help them talk go talk to a doctor.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8376
a life changing situation, having ppl treat u as if your worthless, stresscheak out this site..http://www.psychologyinfo.com/depression/causes.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8377
maybe ur under stress Another cause is substance abuse problems that create suicidal thinking and behaviors. Addictions to alcohol or drugs can cause harmful effects on the brain.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25780
There are a lot of teenagers who are depressed.  You go through such a time when the future is uncertain and perhaps a little scary.  It s a time when classmates can be especially cruel and critical of each other, probably because they are so insecure themselves, it s a way to be accepted.Basically, what causes depression is too many negative thoughts about yourself and your life.  You don t think negatively because you feel depressed.  You feel depressed because you think negatively.  You can t control the depression, but you can control how you think.  Make a list of positive things to think (I look terrific.  Today s going to be a great day.) and say them to yourself whether you believe them or not.You need to have a feeling of belonging and being accepted for who you are.  You are, after all, a very special, unique individual.You need to have faith that some higher power - God, or the universal conscious, had a purpose in putting you here, in giving you the very distinct capabilities that you have.You need to know that you have a future and there are exciting, wonderful things waiting for you there - things to see and do, people to meet, even lessons to learn in life.  You need to know that you will grow.Instead, you ve got a lot of outsiders who are critical of you - we seem to love to dump on teenagers.  Even if there s just one person who really believes in you, it can make all the difference.  Stay open to finding that person.Know that things get black and we get depressed when we are growing internally, emotionally, because we are spending time inside with ourselves (the hardest people to be with).  Start daydreaming about what you could be, what you could do.  Look yourself in the mirror and tell yourself that you are wonderful (you really are) and that your life is going to be terrific (it is).Chemical thingies in the brain - the imbalances are caused by worrying over the imbalances - Catch 22.  If you re depressed and not eating right, do take a vitamin.  You ve got to stay fit so you ll be ready for all the good things that are waiting to happen to you.Remember, almost NO ONE looks back on their teenage years with anything but I m glad I made it through. No one I ve ever met would ever want to relive those years.  Been there, done that.  Also raised 4 teenagers - they now have their own children and lives.

QUESTION ID: 54ZEVXRIE4D23FQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do vegi-terians not eat living thongs yet they eat fruits and vegis,ad why do some eat fish?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 80452
A vegetarian does not eat fish....this is a common misconception.DefinitionsA vegetarian is someone living on a diet of grains, pulses, nuts, seeds, vegetables and fruits with or without the use of dairy products and eggs (preferably free-range). A vegetarian does not eat any meat, poultry, game, fish, shellfish or crustacea, or slaughter by-products such as gelatine or animal fats. Types of VegetarianLacto-ovo-vegetarian. Eats both dairy products and eggs. This is the most common type of vegetarian diet. Lacto-vegetarian. Eats dairy products but not eggs. Vegan. Does not eat dairy products, eggs, or any other animal product. Fruitarian. A type of vegan diet where very few processed or cooked foods are eaten. Consists mainly of raw fruit, grains and nuts. Fruitarians believe only plant foods that can be harvested without killing the plant should be eaten. Macrobiotic. A diet followed for spiritual and philosophical reasons. Aims to maintain a balance between foods seen as ying (positive) or yang (negative). The diet progresses through ten levels, becoming increasingly restrictive. Not all levels are vegetarian, though each level gradually eliminates animal products. The highest levels eliminatefruit and vegetables, eventually reaching the level of a brown rice diet. Other terms can be used in describing various vegetarian diets, though their exact meaning can differ. The term strict vegetarian may refer to a vegan diet, though in other cases it may simply mean a lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet. The terms common or broad vegetarian may be used to refer to lacto-ovo-vegetarians. Demi-vegetarian is a term sometimes used to describe persons who eat no or little meat but may eat fish. Persons consuming fish but no meat are sometimes called pescetarians. Why Become Vegetarian?There are as many reasons for becoming vegetarian as there are vegetarians; it s a highly personal and individual decision to make. But in a survey conducted on behalf of The Vegetarian Society the majority of people said that they gave up meat and fish because they did not morally approve of killing animals, or because they objected to the ways in which animals are kept, treated and killed for food. With the growing awareness of the importance of healthy food, many people are also becoming vegetarian because it matches the kind of low fat, high fibre diet recommended by dieticians and doctors. Concern about the environment is another factor as people become more aware of the effect raising animals for their meat is having on the environment. Or you may be concerned about wasting world food resources by using land to raise animals for meat instead of growing crops that can feed more people directlyIf you would like anymore information check out the Vegetarian Society UK:http://www.vegsoc.org/~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~misunderstood_faerie True vegetarians do NOT eat fish! Demi-vegetarian is a term sometimes used to describe persons who eat no or little meat but may eat fish. Persons consuming fish but no meat are sometimes called pescetarians .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28491
first off, vegetarians is spelt like that. Fruits and Vegetables do not have a serious live and are edible and do not have emotions and all they need is sun and water they are not a commiting organism towards our planet. Some vegetarians eat fish because (1) their parents won t let them be a total vegetarian (a.k.a. me) (2) they don t eat red meat (3) Fish aren t as important as some of the animals that are killed to feed us. i scoff people that think that other animals are here just to feed and clotheus, that they have no other purpose. most of them are really religious people because that s what the bible says, but the bible isn t all true.

QUESTION ID: 58EDSGXR5DLAQ6H
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long would it take me to lose 3 stone/42 lb?
QUESTION CONTENT: If I eat 1485 Calories a day following an excersize regime of going to the Gym 3 times a week for 2 hours and on a sunday for 3 hours.Thank you!xreckon I could lose it before August?NO I don t want to go on any fabby silly diets I want to los eit the heathy way!!cause I know once I get off the diet I will put on twice as much weight onand I will f up my metabolismI weight like 176lbs/12stone and I am 13Actually my calorie intake was 1980kCal but then someone told me that I will gain weight so I cut it down..who do i belie?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70501
Your plan is not good.  You can t simply change your eating and exercise habits for a while, lose the weight, and go back to the same habits that made you three stone heavier than you wanted to be in the first place.  Temporary changes bring temporary results.  You ll end up gaining all the weight back plus interest once you stop that plan.  The key is to make PERMANENT changes in your eating and exercise habits.  Do that and you ll be slim and trim for life.Here s a plan that I tried, and I dropped a little over two stone in two months.  It s realistic, it s safe, and it s something a person can stick with forever:1.  You MUST exercise if you want to lose weight and keep it off, so do something every day, even if it???s just a 15-minute walk around the neighborhood.  Don???t say you don???t have time for exercise; you have to MAKE time.  Yes, it takes time and effort, but you???re worth it, right?2.  Walk as much as you want, but don???t do cardio for more than 40 minutes at a time.  If you do, you risk burning muscle instead of fat.3.  If you do strength training, use light weights and do lots of repetitions.  That???ll really help you ???tone up.???4.  Your diet will make you or break you.  You have probably learned bad eating habits over time (most people do).  That???s not your fault, but now you have to deal with it.  Make a commitment to yourself to unlearn those bad habits and re-learn better habits.5.  Eat breakfast every day within an hour of getting up.  People who don???t are 450% more likely to be overweight.6.  Eat six small meals or snacks per day instead of three squares per day or one big meal per day.  Your body expends energy digesting your food, so eating smaller portions more often keeps your metabolism running high because you???re constantly digesting food.7.  Avoid these as much as possible:-- Trans fat (any type of partially or fully hydrogenated oil)-- High fructose corn syrup (soft drinks are LOADED with it)-- Fast food-- Junk food-- White sugar, white flour, white rice, white potatoes-- The deadly C???s (cookies, cakes, candy, chips, cola)8.  Build your diet around these trim-body-friendly foods:-- Nuts, any kind (almonds are best)-- Beans/Legumes-- Fresh vegetables (green is GREAT!!!)-- Dairy products (as long as they???re low-fat or non-fat)-- Eggs-- Lean meats (fish and poultry top the list)-- Olive oil-- Whole grain breads/cereals/pasta-- Fresh fruits (anything that ends in ???berry??? is a winner)-- Tea (green tea or black pekoe tea)-- Cold water or ice water (your body has to expend extra calories to heat it up)9.  Desserts and treats are the exception, not the rule.  Having said that, however, (1) you can have a couple of pieces ofchocolate every day ??? just don???t overdo, and (2) Allow yourself one ???cheat meal??? every week where you eat and drink whatever you want as long as you don???t gorge yourself.  That???ll help keep you from feeling deprived and it???ll make it easier to stick with your new healthy eating plan.Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7389
Hi.  I lost 3 stone in 3 months with weight watchers, the thing is i can never keep the weight off and it goes back on so quick. The best way to keep the weight off is loose weight slowly and it will stay off, the quicker you loose it the quicker it goes back on.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7390
It depends. With a good diet and a well coordinated exercise program, will be about 8-10 months. You have to remember that the body needs energy to survive= at least around 1000 calories a day. Plus, you want to exercise, that is a need of 300-700 calories. So your 1485 calories plan is not realistic. You will also need around 500 calories to move on and around during a day. That is at least 1800 calories that you will need. You should try to cut down your workout hours. Each workout period for body training is around 30-40 minutes. Cardio training is around 30 minutes. That is like around 1 hour. Working out for a long period of time will increase your risk of injuries because of overtraining.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7391
It s not that simple !the first thing you need to ascertain is what your personal basal metabolic rate is. If you have been a yo-yo dieter you may have a Basel metabolic rate well below what it should be for your sex.The next thing to do is to decide the rate at which you want to lose the weight and reduce your calorie intake accordingly. Having said this, its not advisable to take less than 1100 calories per day.Exercise will in the first instance build muscle and give you a false plateau effect which looks like you are not loosing weight.I would advise anyone starting a diet to get used to the routine first and make the initial weight-loss and then introduce exercise.Muscle weighs more than fat. When one looses fat and gains muscle there is a false sense of weight gain. Gaining muscle increases weight-loss in the long term because muscle uses more calories than fatty tissue. So having extra muscle through exercise is beneficial in fighting weight.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7392
http://www.nhsdirect.nhs.uk/magazine/interactive/bmi/index.aspxto maintain your current weight you should et 2000kcals per day.  so to lose weight you need to restrict this to 1500kcals.  but make sure you eat no less than 1500kcals as this will slow your metabolism&you won t lose anything.  i would recommend a class called body pump - this uses weights to tone you up&burn lots of calories (www.lesmills.com) - give your local gym a call to see if they run it.  i did this class twice a week&could see big difference fast!!if you are restricting your diet it s also a good idea to take a multivitamin to ensure you are getting all your vital nutrients.if you cut your cals back to 1500 per day&do exercise 2-3 times per week you will lose 1-3lbs per week easily.drink plently of water, try&increase the amount of fruit&veg you eat&swap white bread for brown bread, full cream milk to skimmed milk etc.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7393
Nothing beats healthy eating.Concentrate on overall fitness and maintaining a healthy heart.For best results, eat six times a day. Try balancing your meals 70% protein 30% carbs. Eat a combination of lean protein and healthy carbohydrates every few hours throughout the day to speed up fat loss and maintain stable energy levels. Eat your proteins from lean sources (Chicken, fish, boiled eggs, lean beef with all the fat drained off) and beans (lentil, lima, chile or any type of bean) For your carbs stay away from breads, pasta and rice. They do provide energy but they are high in calories. Choose leafy vegetables, carrots, raisins, broccoli and fresh fruits. Weight train intensely, three times per week on alternating days with aerobic exercise three times per week.Drink 10 to 20 glasses water per day NO SODAGood Luck !!!Lift weights to gain MuscleEat Right and do Cardio (jogging, aerobics or bike riding 30minutes per day) to burn fat
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7394
If you really wanna be realistic then you can lose 4-5 lbs a week. Losing 30lbs should take roughly 6weeks. Simply lower your eating intake by 1/3 and eat as soon as you get hungry. This will increase your body s metabolism and help to burn that excess energy instead of storing it as fat. (Most importantly avoid light snacks in-between meals as this will increase your food intake without you even realising it).Also some excercise, nothing too drastic. Just 20 situps in the morning, 20 situps at night before bed. 10 pushups morning and night and some extended brisk walks upto 30minutes a day ( a slightly hilly terain is ideal), and a 15min jog only once a week. (and increase the number of walks/situps etc as you get used to them).Follow this regime and your 30 lbs should drop within 6 weeks. And the best thing of all you really dont have to drastically change your diet or even exert yourself during excercise. And can actully be enjoyable. With this method, your not actually dieting, it; s more of a lifestyle change.p.s walking on hilly terrain, at steep angles is great, probably the best from of buttock excercise, they get real firm!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71596
cut your leg off?,a bit extreme i know,but you will lose weight

QUESTION ID: 5AN2XH80DYFEJJU
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much of the sunlight does earth receive?
QUESTION CONTENT: What percentage of the sun s total sunlight or energy does the earth receive during a typical day?  A range would be fine?  Is it less than 1% or could it be greater than 30% -typcially.?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5987
MistWing got the numbers wrong.  Earth receives one part in 2.2 billion of the radiation emitted by the sun.Here s how to calculate this.Letr = radius of earth = 4000 milesR = earth-sun distance = 93,000,000 milesarea of sun-centered sphere at earth s location = 4*pi*R^2cross-section of earth for absorbing radiation = pi*r^2ratio = 4*(R/r)^2 = 2.2 billionSo the amount of sunlight that reaches the earth is0.00000005%of the sun s total luminosity.Once the sunlight reaches the earth, some is reflected by the atmosphere and some is absorbed by the atmosphere.  According tohttp://www.starhop.com/Middle/EnPath-10a.pdf9% is reflected by the atmosphere and 22% is absorbed by the atmosphere.Thus, of the sunlight that reaches the outer atmosphere of earth, about 69% reaches the surface of the earth.  This energy is available for use in solar panels.  (Solar panels are much less than 100% efficient, so they produce considerably less than 1 watt of power for every watt of sunlight.)(I m not sure exactly how precise this number 69% is.  Maybeit s 60%, maybe it s 70%, but it s somewhere in that ballpark.)The percentage of sunlight that passes through the atmosphere varies with wavelength.  In visible wavelengths, most light gets through the atmosphere.  In ultraviolet, most is absorbed (but enough still gets through to produce sunburn).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65822
Since we occupy less than one percent of the surface area of the sun we receive far less than 1% of its energy; however that is enough.According to Wikipedia:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_energy Earth receives 174 petawatts of incoming solar radiation (insolation) at the upper atmosphere at any given time. When it meets the atmosphere, 6 percent of the insolation is reflected and 16 percent is absorbed. Average atmospheric conditions (clouds, dust, pollutants) further reduce insolation traveling through the atmosphere by 20 percent due to reflection and 3 percent via absorption. These atmospheric conditions not only reduce the quantity of energy reaching the earth s surface, but also diffuse approximately 20 percent of the incoming light and filter portions of its spectrum.  After passing through the atmosphere, approximately half the insolation is in the visible electromagnetic spectrum with the other half mostly in the infrared spectrum (a small part is ultraviolet radiation). According to Wikipedia:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watt#SI_multiplesa petawatt is 1 x 10^15 watts.a zettawatt is 1 x 10^21 watts.The article continues: - The total solar energy available to the earth is approximately 3850 zettajoules (ZJ) per year. - Oceans absorb approximately 285 ZJ of solar energy per year. - Winds can theoretically supply 6 ZJ of energy per year.  - Biomass captures approximately 1.8 ZJof solar energy per year.- Worldwide energy consumption was 0.471 ZJ in 2004. Wind is created when sunlight heats the land and causes warm air to rise.  Air currents are created because things are colder at the poles than at the equator and some areas of the earth are warmer than others (like the Pacific Ocean off of South America during El Nino conditions).According to Wikipedia:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun The sun has a surface area of 6.088??1018 m??. At 93 million miles away the shadow that the earth would cast upon the sun would be so tiny that it would be a mere dot; so 99.9999% of the sun???s energy is radiated off into space.  The planets surface are combined probably don???t consume even 1% of the energy radiated from the sun.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65823
If I calculated it correctly, 1 part in 46 billion... much less than 1 percent.

QUESTION ID: 5CT2U2XDD7CXZA4
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why would a newborn child get johndus?Why yellow skin?Whats the cure?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73049
Many children are born with JAUNDICE.  When the baby was in the womb, the mother s liver took care of the excess pigment (called bilirubin) in the blood that causes jaundice. It takes a while for the baby s liver to be able to process and eliminate it. Mild cases can be treated by exposing baby briefly to sunlight and making sure baby is getting plenty of fluids (breastmilk is best).  More severe cases can be treated by your pediatrician using special light therapy.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8420
What is jaundice? Jaundice is an illness that can happen in the first few days of a baby s life. It turns your baby s skin, eyes and mouth a yellow color. The yellow color is caused by bilirubin.Bilirubin is made when the body breaks down old red blood cells. This is a normal process that happens all through life. Bilirubin goes to the liver, where it is changed again. Then it goes into the intestines and the kidneys, and then it goes out of the body. If too much bilirubin builds up in your baby s body, it makes a yellow color called jaundice (say: john-diss ).Jaundice is common in babies and is usually not serious.Why do some babies get jaundice? Red blood cells have a shorter life in babies than they do in adults. This means more bilirubin goes through your baby s liver. If your baby s skin is bruised during birth, more red cells may need to be broken down. Then your baby s liver has to handle even more bilirubin. Sometimes a baby s liver is not mature enough to handle the extra bilirubin.How can I tell if my baby has jaundice? You should watch for color changes in your baby s skin. You should also check the whites of your baby s eyes and the pink skin inside your baby s mouth. If they get yellowish, you may want to see your baby s doctor. If your baby has pale skin, it should look white when you gently press it with your fingertips. If the skin looks yellow, your baby may have jaundice. If your baby has darker skin, it may be harder to check, except by looking at your baby s eyes and inside your baby s mouth.Artificial light, especially fluorescent lights, can sometimes fool your eyes into seeing a yellow color that is not really there. So you might want to check your baby in daylight in a sunny room.As the amount of bilirubin in the blood increases, your baby s body will get more yellow. As the bilirubin level rises, the yellow color can move from your baby s head down to the chest and even down to the toes.If your baby s skin is yellow, see your baby s doctor right away. The doctor will take a small amount of your baby s blood and measure the bilirubin in it.How is jaundice treated? If the bilirubin level is not too high, your baby might not need any treatment. Your doctor might just want you to feed your baby breast milk or formula more often.If the bilirubin level is very high or is getting higher very quickly, your baby will need light therapy. This is also called phototherapy. Phototherapy helps to break down bilirubin in your baby s skin.For this treatment, your baby is placed under special white, blue or green lights. The baby might also be placed on a special light-producing blanket. Your baby s eyes are covered to protect them from the bright lights. Phototherapy usually lasts for 1 or 2 days.Phototherapy can give your baby loose stools, temperature problems or dehydration. Your doctor will watch your baby carefully to prevent or treat these problems.If your baby s bilirubin level gets too high, and phototherapy does not work well enough, the baby might need an exchange transfusion. In this treatment, some of your baby s blood is taken out, and it is replaced with blood from someone else.Can jaundice hurt my baby? Jaundice is not a serious problem in most healthy babies. However, very high bilirubin levels can be dangerous. It can give some babies brain damage.Your doctor will measure your baby s bilirubin level a number of times. If necessary, your baby will be treated. This usually keeps the bilirubin level from getting high enough to hurt your baby. How long will my baby have jaundice? Jaundice lasts for a different time in different babies. Often, the bilirubin level goes up for the first 3 to 4 days and then slowly goes back down. A baby who is breastfed may have mild jaundice for a longer time than a baby who is formula-fed.

QUESTION ID: 5E4JR2OZEE4ULQV
QUESTION SUBJECT: How different is college from high school??
QUESTION CONTENT: Like how much difference there between high school AP and college class...Like any college...besides ivy league...Is it near same as high school??
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20809
Academically, you will have fewer quizzes and daily assignments. College students are expected to do a lot of reading on their own so that they can digest what they learn in lectures and/or participate in smaller seminars. Most classes have 2 exams- one midterm and a final, and a project or two or a few papers depending on what type of class it is. Science and math classes at the college level are probably the most similar their AP equivalents. Similarly, you will probably have weekly homework assignments and the odd quiz here and there.In general, the main academic difference is that, since college classes are not held every day, you have a lot more to do on your own and things are more fast paced. You are less able to coast through college as you may have done in high school.I have found the biggest and most difficult change between the two to conquer was the social and environmental changes involved. You have to start worrying where your next meal will come from, you have to make a greater effort to make new friends and maintain those friendships, and you have no comfortable familiar home and family to return to each night.Don t worry about the differences too much. Basically I would say that, although the two are not at all the same, college is the logical next step up from high school in many ways and the changes will feel natural to you after a while.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43822
College is a totally new and diff world than high school. In college...(or at least in my college)- there is no dress code- you don t have to ask for permission to leave the room- there is lecture..and whether or not you want to participate is up to you (unless you want to get a bad participation grade by not saying anything...no one forces you to answer their questions or talk)-making up work is almost unheard of...if you do it you do it..if you don t...s*cks to be you.-you can go to school at times that are convienient for you-there is much much more reading.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86959
Depends on where you go, what you take, and your teachers. For me, I think college is better then high school, but i went to a VEEEEEERY strict high school. No uniforms, just a few simple dress code rules, you could wear pajama pants if you wanted. Some of my classes are only 53 minutes long. if the teacher is not there, then class is cancelled.  Not really alot of homework, just alot of notes and studying.

QUESTION ID: 5EQMGE46X43ID67
QUESTION SUBJECT: Ovarian cancer? How do I made my doctors listen?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am 32, history of ovarian cysts, and severe menstrual bleedingthat lasts for 8-10 days. Started having a lot of other issues 2 years ago, like bloating, and other digestive issues. Went to the GI doctor, nothing. All paps have come out normal, but still having painful intercourse, bleeding, and clear discharge with blood in it. I also had bladder surgery a year ago due to incontinence issues, which is starting all over again! On top of that, having lower back pain that doesn t go away, and pelvic pain and pressure. The pressure is constant, but the pain comes and goes, unless I have sex with my husband, then I m bleeding and sore and miserable for days afterward. Have never been able to use tampons, and also have alternating constipation and diahrea. Was misdiagnosed with PCOS and underwent HRT for a year, am also anemic now. All of this points to ovarian cancer, does it not? So how do I can my GYN to listen to me??? I have 2 autistic kids to take care of, please help!Have also become extremely fatigued lately although I m taking plenty of Iron.And appetite has decreased, kinda. When I do eat, I am only able to eat very little, but finding becoming less hungry each day. I eat, but only because I know I have to.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 51052
Change doctors. You can ask your GYN for a referral to see another doctor for a second opinion. Or you can change doctors on your own.Ovarian cancer, yes, these are all signs that indicate it.  They also indicate other things like Bowel Cancer, or Colorectal Cancer, these are the extreme ofcourse. You can have enometrial cancer, uterine cancer and even cervical cancer even though your paps have all come out ok. They are not 100% accurate all the time and sometimes, the cancer can grow from the inside of the cervix and if the culture didn t scrape the area of the cervix or the vaginal wall it wouldn t find the cells with cancer. Have you pushed for a CA-125 test? Not that this test gives a diagnosis, but it be used as a guide within the diagnosing process.Have you had a Laproscopy? I ask because this will allow your doctors to see pretty much everything in this area. They can detect endometriosis and polyps on the outside of the intestines. You have to keep going to the doctor and make them listen. This can also be a very rare form of cancer that they treat as ovarian cancer and I forget the name something like peritineal cancer... don t quote me on that. But this shows up with all the signs of ovarian cancer and is even treated the same way, but is in the stomach I think.... it wouldn t be detected through a transvaginal ultrasound, but a lap would diagnose it. I want to say, I am sorry you are going through all of this. Go to a different doctor and ask your PCP to refer you to a different GYN, push for the ultrasound and CA-125 and a Lap because you shouldn t have to live like this without finding relief.God Bless and please please keep going and push... take someone with you if you must and have them advocate for you. Take Care!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51053
HI DaniLynnI know of an herbal formula that have helped women with their issues such as yours. Called Female formula and Female balance. Read about on herbdoc.com. This man is a real healer and has plenty of years and testimonials to back it up. Best of health to you
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51054
No one would listen to me either. My son was 11 months old and had swollen lymph nodes all over and severe bruising for no reason. Two times they sent him home after looking at his ears nose and throat with antibiotics. I had been looking up these symptoms on the internet and I knew they all pointed towards some sort of lymphotic cancer. I finally had enough, he wasn t eating, wasn t urinating, wasn t playing, he was just laying there whimpering for a week and I took him into the ER and demanded they do a CBC with differentials on him- low and behold an hour after the CBC, the doc came in and told me he had leukemia. A bone marrow aspirate later told us exactly what type. (Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia). You know yourself, you know your symptoms and you know your fears. Find yourself a different physician or go into an emergency room and tell them your concerns and what your primary physician has to say about it and tell them you want a full work up. Some of your symptoms do sound bad, but I also know may of those symptoms are also pin pointed to PCOS, so it s important to find someone other than your primary OB to take a look.

QUESTION ID: 5FLZJL0E26GQM3T
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many people can fit in an elevator?
QUESTION CONTENT: ....with a dog. and a large box.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7938
depends what elevator they usually have a weight limit
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7939
how big is the elevator?  Is it a passenger elevator or a freight elevator?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66729
it depends on the size of the elevator, the people, the dog and the large box
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66730
Residential elevators may be small enough to only accommodate one person while some are large enough for more than a dozen. Wheelchair, or platform lifts, a specialized type of elevator designed to move a wheelchair 6 ft (1.8 m) or less, often can accommodate just one person in a wheelchair at a time with a maximum load of 1000 lb (455 kg).Freight elevatorsA freight elevator (or goods lift) is an elevator designed to carry goods, rather than passengers. Freight elevators are often exempt from some code requirements[citation needed]and from some of the requirements for fire service[citation needed]. However, new installations would likely be required to comply with these requirements[citation needed]. Freight elevators are generally required to display a written notice in the car that the use by passengers is prohibited, though certain freight elevators allow dual use through the use of an inconspicuous riser. Freight elevators are typically larger and capable of carrying heavier loads than a passenger elevator, generally from 2,300 to 4,500 kg. Freight elevators may have manually operated doors, and often have rugged interior finishes to prevent damage while loading and unloading. Although hydraulic freight elevators exist, electric elevators are more energy efficient for the work of freight lifting.Stage and Orchestra lifts are specialized lifts for use in the performing arts, and are often exempt from some requirements. Local jurisdictions may govern their use, installation and testing, however they are often left out of local code enforcement provisions due to their infrequent installation.Vehicle elevatorsA car lift is installed where ramps are considered space-inconservative for smaller buildings (usually in apartment buildings where frequent access is not an issue). The car platforms are raised and lowered by chained steel gears (resembling bicycle chains in appearance). In addition to the vertical motion, the platforms can rotate about its vertical axis (up to 180 degrees) to ease driver access and/or accommodate building plans. Most parking lots of this type are however unable to accommodate taller vehicles.In spite of the sheer size of the car platform and its perceived passenger capacity , there are huge passenger and freight lifts that can accommodate more than the rated capacity of the car lift.Boat elevatorsIn some smaller canals, boats and small ships can pass between different levels of a canal with a boat lift rather than through a canal lock.Aircraft elevators An F/A-18C on an aircraft elevator of the USS Kitty HawkOn aircraft carriers, elevators carry aircraft between the flight deck to the hangar deck for operations or repairs. These elevators are designed for much greater capacity than any other elevator ever built, up to 200,000 pounds of aircraft and equipment. Smaller elevators lift munitions to the flight deck from magazines deep inside the ship.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66731
you could fit people in the elevator until it is full. What s in the box?? Does the dog bite??

QUESTION ID: 5FN7VIE3RVGA3N3
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to break my child from the bottle?
QUESTION CONTENT: how to help my child how to speak?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16675
#1 Try giving juice in the cup and only formula in a bottle, typicaly babys will enjoy the taste of the juice over the other and look for a cup over a bottle.#2 Stop any baby talk and ask questions. If you have to answer the questions at first its ok but eventualy the child will answer on his/her own. Siblings don t help this situation because they want to talk for the younger child.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25961
Try sippy cups.  They are similar to bottles, but help the transitions to a cup.  You can also try giving the child a small cup in the bath to practice.As far as talking goes... Don t listen to the other person who said not to ask the child questions.  The more you talk to the child the better.  When they start talking, repeat what they say...  I hurt my hand...  You hurt your hand?  You reinforce and confirm their communications.  Read books and describe what you are doing while playing with the child...  Do you have the red cup?  Is that a cat?  You are modeling speech and introducing a great amount of vocabulary.  It is amazing to see how many words a young child can understand, even before they can speak.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25963
I would wait till the baby is about a year old to do this. Cut down on the amount of bottles he/she is having during the day and give him/her drinks of water, juice and milk from a plastic cup. Buy afew plastic cups with their favorite character on it, like Dora, Big Bird etc. It helps to praise then and say big boy or big girl when they use a cup. Once he/she  can drink out of the cup successfully then you do the same thing at night by giving him a bottle when he goes to bed and if he/she wakes up in the middle of the night, don t give him another bottle, give him/her a drink from a cup. You have to choose the day you will get rid of the bottle completely. You have to be prepared for the crying so pick a day or week-end you know you can handle it. Throw all the bottles away, so you won t be tempted to give it to them. Make sure everyone knows you are taking them off the bottle, you don t want Nana hiding a bottle somewhere for emergencies. Your patience and determination will be the key to how successful this will be. If you are not successful the first time don t be disheartened, you can try again in a month or two.  The easiest and most common words a baby learns first is dada, mama, bye bye and in our family numnum (that s food). I don t worry about the baby talk, all kids do that. You will have plenty of time to correct their pronounciation when they are older. When someone is leaving your home and you are saying good bye tell him/her to say bye bye and show him/her how to wave his hand. After a while, he/she will say bye bye and wave on his/her own. When they say a word that sounds like another word I say it. Recently a one yr. old said what sounded like Hi,sister . I kept saying Hi, sister repeatedly and now he says it back to me. When you give him/her something say cookie, water or whatever it is. They may call water wawa but that s okay. As they master different sounds, they will eventually learn to say water.

QUESTION ID: 5FSQQCFWYSDLDCJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does the amount of upward force exerted on the parachute depend on how fast you are falling?
QUESTION CONTENT: Could somebody explain this to me? please.. i really need you help...
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2595
The answer above me is plagiarism from Wikipedia.The reason the force on the canopy is related to the velocity is because it is a momentum problem.  As some point during free fall I reach a terminal velocity.  This velocity is determined by my mass and the amount of surface area i present to the relative wind.  Deploying my parachute at higher speeds means that the force on the canopy is greater... look at momentum.I don t remember my physics class much but I do know what it s like to have a very fast opening.  I had on jump where my main parachute opened up to fast and ripped.  I released that damaged parachute from my container and deployed my reserve.  I ve also seen the damage on parachutes from early deployments at high speeds... and the damage to the parachutist.  More offten than not it is not a problem as we are very good about packing and opening safely.Most parachutes used for skydiving as recommended max loadings and deployment speeds.  They are different for every parachute and the size and design have a big impact on the weight the canopy will support (never mind that we usually overload a canopy because it s fun, very, very dangerous, but fun).  the max deployment speed are between 120 knots and 150 knots.  A safe deployment is in the belly to earth body possition doing about 125 mph.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2596
A parachute is a device used to slow the motion of an object through an atmosphere by creating drag.The parachute was made in 1783 by S??bastien Lenormand . Parachutes are normally used to slow the descent of a person or object to Earth or another celestial body within an atmosphere. Drogue parachutes are also sometimes used to aid horizontal deceleration of a vehicle (a fixed-wing aircraft, or a drag racer), or to provide stability (tandem freefall, or space shuttle after touchdown). The word parachute comes from a French word with a Latin root: para , meaning against or counter in Latin, and chute , the French word for fall . Therefore parachute actually means against the fall . Many modern parachutes are classified as semi-rigid wings, which are quite maneuverable, and can facilitate a controlled descent similar to that of a glider. But older style parachutes were little more than cloth and sticks. The design has changed considerably over the years from roughly cut shapes to aero-dynamic ram parachutes. Although skydiving can have its thrills and excitements, it can be very dangerous too. Folding a parachute requires a high degree of skill, and an improperly folded parachute will not deploy, which could end up with fatal results. parachute is carefully folded, or packed to ensure that it will open reliably. If a parachute is not packed properly it can result in death because the mainparachute might fail to deploy correctly or fully. In the U.S. and many developed countries, emergency and reserve parachutes are packed by riggers who must be trained and certified according to legal standards. Sport skydivers are always trained to pack their own primary main parachutes.Parachutes can malfunction in several ways. Malfunctions can range from minor problems that can be corrected in-flight and still be landed, to catastrophic malfunctions that require the main parachute to be cut away using a modern 3-ring release system, and the reserve be deployed. Most skydivers also equip themselves with small barometric computers (known as an AAD or Automatic Activation Device like Cypres, FXC or Vigil) that will automatically activate the reserve parachute if the skydiver himself has not deployed a parachute to reduce his rate of descent by a preset altitude.Exact numbers are difficult to estimate, but approximately one in a thousand sports main parachute openings malfunction, and must be cut away, although some skydivers have many hundreds of jumps and never cut away (either they pack their mains more carefully than average or they are just lucky). Reserve parachutes are packed and deployed differently. They are also designed more conservatively, and are built and tested to more exacting standards, making them more reliable than main parachutes. However, the primary safety advantage of a reserve chute comes from the probability of an unlikely main malfunction being multiplied by the even less likely probability of a reserve malfunction. This yields an even smaller probability of a double malfunction, although the possibility of a main malfunction that cannot be cut away causing a reserve malfunction is a very real risk. In the U.S., the average fatality rate is considered to be about 1 in 80,000 jumps. Most injuries and fatalities in sport skydiving occur under a fully functional main parachute because the skydiver made an error in judgment while flying the canopy???resulting in high-speed impact with the ground, impact with a hazard on the ground that might otherwise have been avoided, or collision with another skydiver under canopy

QUESTION ID: 5FZNXYOT008M6DB
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do most humans eat meat whilst they know how pain feels like?
QUESTION CONTENT: people should be considerate towards other living things, and that includes not eating meat.we are made of meat too, not just animals. so shut up with your god created animals for food. if animals were created for food then we humans should be food too.???actually we are food in the eye s of plenty of animals. so what you added wasn t thought out that well???, try to imagine how  you would  feel if you were eaten by those wild animals. that s how an innocent cow and many other innocent animals would feel when humans eat them. Your answer is not well thought because you should infer that if we feel pain when attacked by a wild animal then innocent animals also feel pain when they are killed for food or accessories. even plants have life and they too feel pain , I never seen a plant that has eyes, a mouth, ears, blood, a brain, a heart, a stomach, intestines, and many more traits that only us humans and animals share. hence don t compare animals to plants, if you had to compare them then do it the right way ( compare them to Humans). But with our superior intelligence we devised ways to kill animals , listen to what you re saying. this is discrimination against other species. a superior intelligence would not kill innocent animals, only an illogical moron would murder in order to satisfy their belly. ???Your not having seen similar organs do not make the plants dead???, as I said earlier don???t compare animals to plants, you can???t win your argument by comparing incongruent parties (animals and plants). Who uses the word ???dumb???? Only a dull person who doesn???t want to hear other opinions and someone who doesn???t have persuasive statements to win an argument.to param,if you had studied biology you would know that animals have a life and they too feel pain, and you would know the difference between animals and plants. you dumb ???Why kill all the insects and worms which eat your crops? Why not share your food with them?????have no qualms about killing them those who cannot express their pain??? your argument is illogical and it infers this ( since we kill insects and worms which eat crops, then why not kill all humans, not just other animals ? ) you have to add humans to your vicious circle, after all humans are part of the food chain as well. It???s not your tiny reference to insects or plants that would make my argument ???shaky???. you were generalizing too much until you got to a point where you are illogical.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 10045
:)wish everyone was as evolved as you!nice to know you ma m!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43417
We are omniverous.  We need both meat and veg.  If you want to be little and frail, like most of India, then by all means, avoid meat.  If you want to be big and healthy like most Westerners, then you need a balanced diet.I love animals, and I have several pets who are treated like royalty (cats won t accept anything less), but we need meat.  Its just the way we are designed.Also, seeing as there are many predators out there who eat plenty of meat (cats, wolves, birds, etc) you must hate them as well, if you are to be consistent.  Don t they care that they are causing pain?  But you love animals, but you hate animals, but, but, but...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43418
Why is it right to kill some animals and not others?Your adherence to your principles is admirable. You don t believe killing cows, chickens, etc is right. But what about the millions of animals that are killed inadvertently during crop harvests? Every time a field is plowed, millions of mice, rabbits, voles, etc are crushed to death by the plows, in a much more painful way than the meat industry kills livestock (that spike through their head kills them instantly).And while we are at it, what about insects right to life? Does an insect have less of a right to live than a cow? So why is it OK to kill trillions of them a year with pesticides?Going by the harm principle, it seems that if we wanted to kill the least amount of animals, we should eat meat, because one cow (painlessly killed) produces a huge amount of food, but every field plowed kills thousands of critters (By being crushed under the plow).As a vegan, are you OK with this? To an outsider, it seems like hypocrisy. How do you justify the mass slaughter of field animals?EDIT: @ Sourav - So because we pretend not to notice that these animals are being killed, it s ok? Get real. You just avoided the question. Why is it ok to kill (unknowingly or not) field critters painfully by the millions, but not to painlessly kill a few cows? If someone walks down the street randomly firing a gun, and kills someone by chance, is he any less wrong than the person who deliberately shot a stranger?@ OP s second comment: Nature is neutral. That s why we have no problem with a lion horrifically mauling a water buffalo to death, but freak out when we kill cows painlessly. If I was being eaten by a wild animal, I would blaim myself for getting into a situation of getting eaten, rather than blaim the animal that is seeking a meal. You can t hold the wild animal responsible for bringing pain. Speaking of pain, how about them field critters, ruthlessly crushed under plows, in order to send food to the plates of self-conscious vegans everywhere? What about the pain of THOSE animals?EDIT #2@ SouravI m still trying to figure out how according to your morality it s ok to kill something by accident, but not on purpose. You say my gun analogy doesn t fit because it s purposeless. Well ok then, how about this one: I m driving to work, I have to get there as quickly as I can, so I take short cuts by cutting across sidewalks. If anyone gets hit, it s their fault for being in the way. I mean, its done with a purpose, and a wholly good purpose too (I have to make money to feed my family). Is that moral? That because my intent was good, it s not my fault when things get hurt in the process?Heck, according to vegetarians, animals have the same rights as humans, so running over people on my way to work is less heinous than plowing a field, because only a few people die, but plows kill thousands of animals. Unless you grow all your own food and never buy from a grocery store, it s the same principle. I could drive on the road, you could grow your own food. If you really did care about the plight of animals, you wouldn t be so cold about the waythey are carelessly slaughtered. Ignorance and lack of intent are not excuses in a court of law, why are they excuses for you to slaughter field critters, while criticising those of us who enjoy meat? Or you could just do what the rest of us do, accept the fact that we are part of the animal kingdom, that we are not prime producers, and that being omnivores means it is natural for us to eat plants and meat. Until we figure out a way to live off of sunlight, something must die to nourish us.EDIT #3@ OPWell considering that insects have nervous systems, it is possible that they do in fact, feel pain. But I digress, I was not talking about worms or insects, I am talking about rabbits, mice, voles, rats, all sorts of fuzzy little critters that most certainly DO feel pain, especially when a plow is clamping down on their head. You may dismiss insect death, but what about the painful death of those animals?@ SouravYou are still not saying much beyond It s ok to kill these animals painfully because we are not doing it intentionally . There is a way to live without harming any animals: grow your own food, so you personally can make sure no animal gets harmed. It may inconvenience you, but if animals have all these so called rights, then your convenience shouldn t come before their right to life. As long as you refuse to grow your own food, you are condoning the deaths of these animals. Because you now know that animals die in the process of growing agriculture, you can not hide behind your well we didn t know line, because now you do. And because it is your choice to continue to buy food rather than grow it, is as deliberate a murder as buying a steak.And growing crops is not the natural way humans live. The most natural way humans lived was when they were hunter/gatherers. For tens of thousands of years, that s how humans lived, deliberatly killing animals for a meal, supplemented with any wild fruit or berries they stumbled across. Agriculture is only about 4,000years old, a drop in the bucket compared to actual human history.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54915
If God wanted us to be vegetarians he wouldnt have made animals out of meat
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54916
they eat meat because it taste good. Pain does hurt but everyone dies, i would not mind if people ate me once i died.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54919
Well, hunting began in early human civilization...we eat meat because our bodies need it for nutrients, proteins etc etc (i know we can also get nutrients from other sources, but I m eliminating these factors just for the sake of my reasoning).we are animals,  and animals eat other animals even in the jungle.......the lion, the tiger, even the baboon eats other animals....our behavior is not of any different (if you go into details) than another animal when it comes to survival.We eat seafood, fish provides us with omega-3 acids that we cannot  get sufficient amounts from elsewhere.I believe its a survival issue if anything,.. survival of the fittest , this is one quality that makes humans dominate on this planet......or we would cease to exist because we would ve been eaten by another animal....our bodies are able to break the meat down and use it to fuel our bodies, our cells......

QUESTION ID: 5G416JJ5Q0CHTJR
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does one solve the quadratic formula?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78741
There are few ways of solving for the unknown in a quadratic equation.In general, a quadratic equation is of the form:   a*x^2 + b*x + c = 0, a != 0    --- (1)Dividing (1) by a through out, we get,   x^2 + (b/a)*x + (c/a) = 0  --- (2)One way of solving is to really guess the solution. It works like this:Assume we have (somehow) factorised (2) into a form like:   (x - p)(x - q) = 0   --- (3)(3) can also be written as (by mutiplying term by term),   x^2 - (p+q)*x + p*q = 0   --- (4)Comparing (2) and (4),   p + q = -b/a   p*q   = c/aSo, if the equation is written like in (2), the sum of roots is negative of x co-efficient, and the product is the constant. A root is a value of x that satisfies the given equation (1).For e.g, given,   x^2 - 6*x + 5 = 0,the sum of roots must be 6 and the product must be 5. So (we guess), the roots must be 1 and 5. Easy!But guessing is not always possible :(Look at this equation:   x^2 - 6*x + 10 = 0The roots of this are 3 + i and 3 - i. Not easy to guess right?A generic way of solving is called completing the square . And it is a very clever piece of work! It works like this:Equation (2) again:   x^2 + (b/a)*x + (c/a) = 0The aim is to get the equation into a form that looks like:   (x+ something)^2 = somethingelseThen we can solve for x easily.Let us first get rid of the constant term to the other side:   x^2 + (b/a)*x = -(c/a)Let us re-write this again like:   x^2 + 2*(b/2a)*x = -(c/a) --- (6)Look at the left hand side (LHS) of the equation.. it is looking like: x^2 + 2*something*x. If only we have something^2, then we can put it in the form we want. So we ll add that term:   x^2 + 2*(b/2a)*x + (b/2a)^2 = -(c/a) + (b/2a)^2We ve got it! We now have,   ( x + (b/2a) )^2 = -(c/a) + (b/2a)^2We can solve for x quite easily from here (left as exercise to the reader).The magic equation (-b plus or minus sqare-root of etc...) is really derived by completing the square.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78742
you name the coefficients a, b, and c such that your quadratric equation looks like this ax^2 + bx + c =0There are two answers(-b + (b^2-4*a*c)^.5)/(2*a) and (-b - (b^2-4*a*c)^.5)/(2*a)Since you are taking the square root of b^2-4*a*c and this might be a negative number, it is possible that there are no real roots (i.e. there are only complex roots.)  If b^2=4ac, there is only one root.

QUESTION ID: 5JT1YWE8L5IUB4D
QUESTION SUBJECT: How Do I Know That The Color I See Is The Same As The Color You See?
QUESTION CONTENT: How can I be sure that the colors I see around me are the same colors that you are seeing.  Could it be through learning that we define an individual color??Such as; both of us see the color of grass as green.  How do we know we are both seeing the same color or through learning I am calling it green and it might be what you would call red?I guess I should have listed within this question that color-blindness notwithstanding how do we know that two people with perfectly functioning eyes are seeing the same color?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75279
ah, i actually remember thinking that once... i always had a lot of questions like that, always so curious about stuff... that s why im a physics major, it explains so much... actually, while we may not be tasting or smelling the same thing, we are all seeing the same colors.  this is because each color has corrosponding wavelengths and frequencies of light on the electromagnetic spectrum.  Only a very small portion of this spectrum is even visible light, and we all agree on that.  the colors you see from objects are just the wavelenghts of light that are not absorbed by that object, so therefore are reflected. so we are definately all seeing the same frequencies of light... its easier to understand with sound, if you pick different frequencies, it s a higher or lower pitch.  we can all definately agree on the pitches of sound because we can agree on whether or not the pith is higher than another pitch. if you pick a frequency on the electromagnetic spectrum in the visible light range, that frequency will correspond to a certain color. violet is the color with the wavelength of the highest frequency, meaning it has the highest energy(E=hf where h is planck s constant so energy is directly proportional to frequency.) red has the lowest frequency, and therefore energy. the colors go in order of lowest to highest energy as follows: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, violet. it is is definate that what everyone views as violet is what has the highest energy, and what everyone views as red has the lowest.  and the colors as we know them, kind of blend into each other as you go up in energy, like starting with red you can have red orange and keep adding orange till you get to orange, then add some yellow and so on.. the colors blend nicely. if someone viewed lets say green instead of orange... well then red and green wouldnt mix so well now would they? if you think about it, the colors go up in energy steadily just as sound goes up in pitch steadily, so we do all view colors the same.  i hope i conveyed my thoughts properly and that made sense :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10329
we are all diff. and sometimes it called color blind.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29857
There is no true way to know that we are actually seeing the same color. We can only assume that we are experiencing something similar because we, as humans, have very similar physiology. I would not be surprised if everyone saw slight variations of colors, such as variations of the color green when we look at grass. But, there is no true way to know for sure... We can only assume.

QUESTION ID: 5JVWSC1ARZYDEBH
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I go about writing a children s book?
QUESTION CONTENT: I ve been thinking about it for a while. Where do I start? Once I have my story and illustrations, what kind of format do I need to put them in to send to publishers? Any advice would be post appreciated!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70145
It s a long and involved process to get a book published, but you can go through the current Writer s Market to get an idea of how to get your book published. If you want, you can always self publish, or go with places like a vanity press, where publishing one s book is far easier than trying to publish with the bigger houses. The thing I tell people is to take a look at the books that is most like the book you are writing, then go to the copyright pages and make note of the publisher s information. You can review their submissions guidelines on their websites, but just to warn you, most of the major houses do not accept unsolicited manuscripts. I d strongly suggest getting an agent (you ll have to pay them a fee), but when and if a house solicits for manuscripts, literary agencies, like Writers House, are the ones they turn to.Most houses ask for a few sample chapters, and then a synopsis. You ll have to include a SASE with your submission so that the house can mail you a response. Expect some lag time between the time you send something out till the time you hear from a house. Editors are swamped, and submissions are usually read by editorial assistants who pull out the ones that they think their bosses may like. If an editor likes what you ve sent them, they ll ask for the full manuscript, and if they like THAT and decide to acquire your text, then you get to the good stuff, like signing a contract and figuring out your rights (as in rights for media, offering your book the UK, etc.). If you decide NOT to go with an agent, then I d suggest you have a lawyer who specializes in these types of things to review your contract for you.After that, everything sort of takes care of itself. Your editor will edit your book and you and s/he will go back and forth with the manuscript until it s ready for submission to Managing Editorial. Managing editors will handle getting your book copyedited, which you ll review. Designers will typeset your book, and you ll see first-pass pages/galleys (it ll look more like a book at this stage). You ll most likely only see two rounds of interior passes, and after that, you ll get your samples of the book! You may get a chance to review the jacket for input, but this doesn t always happen. The lead time for a hardcover book is 9 months to 1 year; for paperback, it can be as short as 5 to 6 months.I would encourage you to try paperback imprints, which DO publish original works. It s a good way in, and paperback editors are far more forgiving than hardcover ones. Once you build yourself up in paperback, you can switch to hardcover, like one of my authors did. The money isn t fabulous for paperback authors, but the potential to move to hardcover is great, if the manuscript is right.As for what kind of genre is good for a kids, it varies. I work in children s publishing, and we run the gambit from books about bunnies, cats and bunnies, counting, etc. It really dependson what YOU RE good at writing and what you like. Explore the children s section at your local bookstore and read the flaps of the jackets, to help give you a better idea of what kind of subjects are being written about. The thing about children s books is that a lot of the topics are the SAME: counting, colors, a kid and his pet. An editor told me once that there are truly only a handful of story ideas in the world. It s how you tell them that makes it unique.Just be forewarned that children s publishing is notoriously difficult to break into, and unless your art is extraordinary, expect to have an editor reject your art but accept your text (or if your text is not so great but your art is good, vice versa). Editors like to pair text to an illustrator that would best fit your book, so don t be surprised if they turn down your art. If you do decide to submit text and art together, the text should be submitted double-spaced, Times New Roman, 12 point. Art should be in full color, and it s not necessary to send the art for the entire book. A few pages should be okay; editors just want to see what kind of art you can do.I strongly suggest you have someone edit your manuscript prior to submission. Make sure you have your spelling checked (grammar fixes would be helpful but not necessary; that s what the copyeditor is for!). Most, if not all, of the major houses use The Chicago Manual of Style, 15th edition, as a reference for grammar and style usages; Merriam-Webster s Collegiate Dictionary, 11th edition, for spellings.I hope this helps, and best of luck to you!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7056
Just think what you want to write.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67561
write a book and go to some publisher! hehehethink little!

QUESTION ID: 5K3A8KS32X8IDXJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to lower blood pressure with medication?
QUESTION CONTENT: my moms pressure was sky high and she is on medication is there any thing else to do besides exercise and less sodium and cholesterol
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87413
There are several ways to help lower blood pressure.  Click these links, they will tell you what she can eat, what will help, and different things she can try.  These sites give great info on helping lower high blood pressure. Click these links for more info: http://www.fcs.uga.edu/pubs/PDF/FDNS-E-58a.pdfhttp://www.umm.edu/features/blood_pressure.htmhttp://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0FKA/is_7_66/ai_n6080506http://www.americanheart.org/presenter.jhtml?identifier=578http://www.webmd.com/content/article/132/118422.htmhttp://hp2010.nhlbihin.net/mission/partner/physical_activity.pdfhttp://veganmomma.com/blog/2007/07/18/high-blood-pressure-six-ways-you-can-lower-your-blood-pressure-naturally/Best wishes.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87414
Strictly diet control of caffein, alcohol, salty, spicy, fat/cholesterol, optimal weight, and excercise.Described medication includes of three major blockers of beta, ace and calcium, and some other minor blockers.  Beta-blocker has largest consumption with over 50% hypertension people because of its healthy benefits. Another kind of nitro-family medicine which also has strong affect on BP by increasing body s production of nitric oxygen for relax of vessels.  They are nitroglycerin, nitro ointment or similiar pills and over-the-counter nitricoxide.  Another group of blood-thinner medicine is primarily used to prevent blood clots although it can also lower some BP. The last group of medicine is diuretic pills which have mild affect for BP treatment and it s mostly helpful for people with excessive water retention.  Most of medicine have side effects, unpleasant sometime. Consult with doctor until geting the best fit of medicine.

QUESTION ID: 5MGYIUPYATK41Y0
QUESTION SUBJECT: why were jews targeted in the holocaust.(8th grade student)?
QUESTION CONTENT: This is for my National History Day project.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59388
Because of one evil man s contempt for the Jewish people, his name was Adolf Hitler.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61561
It was basically two fold.THe world was going through a massive depression and Germany was hit very hard.Hitler wanted a focus point and the Jews were heavily involved in finance, banking, jewelery and other areas.Hitler also had a vision for a pure German ethnicity.  His Arian master race and the Jews were of a darker Semite blood line and he started the concept this was an ill and causing impurity in the German race.So, as with any political base, you need an enemy (an Osama, an Iraq, a communist, a Vietnam) to focus on and Hitler picked the Jews.It served as both an economic rally point and a sociological one.He left a lot of the details up to his associates and they started coming up with these extermination plans.You should really do some research on this, because you ll probably dig up facts not widely known.Some were put into work camps, others into termination camps, other into medical experiment programs aimed at generating impotency, etc.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61562
Nazi s need some other to hate, like the English to the Irish, or whites to blacks in South Africa and America.  People just need an other to hate. Jews were a common scapegoat for Europeans.  Through out history, if anything went wrong like the black plague, or a depression, Jews were often to blame.  During the black plague Jews were often sacrificed because extremist believed Jews brought that suffering.  In late 19th century the Dreyfus affairs occured.  France had convicted Dreyfus of treason (although he was innocent).  Dreyfus was sent to prison for a period of time.  This case shows how Europeans felt about Jews.  Before the Nazi party existed in Germany a strong hatred of Jews was present.  But when the Nazi power came in to Germany they actually were the first strong political party that believed in racial purity.  This did not include just Jews, this included anybody who was an enemy, Slavs, Roma and homosexuals, Jehovah s Witnesses, the mentally and/or physically disabled, and non-Nazi socialists, and communists.  All these groups were scapegoats in time of need.  Germany was in a depression and they had to find somebody to blame so they started the blame the significant other.  It is very important that a few things are noted.  if you use the word anti-semitic for the Nazi party that is incorrect.  anti-semitic means to be against semitics this includes the Akkadians, Canaanites, Phoenicians, Hebrews, and Arabs.  Nazis did not have any hate of the Arabs.  (Albert Spears autobiography)The statistics of deaths indicate more non-Jews have died in the war.The reason I am pointing these things out people will argue these points and you shoud have an answer.  If I offend anybody I am sorry.  This is how I have observed history and if you disagree feel free to contact me and tell me why, maybe I can understand your views, opinion or observation.

QUESTION ID: 5MPYWAQOUUZL66M
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did Lance Armstrong get cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: A person like Lance lives a very healthy lifestyle so was it genetic?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 38888
You would think that most people would notice that . . extremely athletic people who are not obese, do not smoke or drink, eat healthy . . well, they still can get cancer despite all their efforts to avoid it . .  there is a misconception among the public that cancer is caused by the environment, smoking, obesity, unhealthy lifestyle, or it s genetic. The misconception continues that if they do not smoke, or drink, or take drugs, eat healthy, avoid carcinogens, exercise regularly, that they won t ever get cancer. However, just the fact that babies and children can get cancer should make everyone pause . . most children are well taken care of, fed well, active . . parents do everything right by having regular checkups, avoid carcinogens, feed them vitamin supplements . . and kids still get cancer. The truth is that no one, not even healthcare providers, know what causes one person or one child to get cancer while another one does not. That is why you can find lung cancer among people who have never smoked a day in their life . . smoking is rotten for you  . . but it is not the only factor that causes a person to get lung cancer.What people should focus on, of course, is the risks . . if you smoke, you have a higher risk of developing cancer and if you do it will be more difficult for you to survive the disease. This is not the same as . . if you smoke you will get cancer. Because that is not true. Same with all other things . . do not drink to excess, smoke to excess, overeat, or do anything to excess because it places you at a higher risk for developing some types of cancer. Ironically, the medical community and media spend so much time pointing out the risks of smoking and getting lung cancer that they fail to mention you could still develop a bone cancer or leukemia thats totally unrelated to cigarettes.People should try to stay as healthy as possible, because no one knows who will develop cancer, which type that might develop. By staying healthy and strong people are than in the best position of all to fight cancer should it develop. Prevention and examining your own body for lumps, bumps or anything unusual should become standard practices at a young age. IMHO.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38889
Cancer is abnormal cellular development - it s cause is usually linked to multiple factors including genetic predisposition and environment.  It s not like a cold, one doesn t catch it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38890
Life style has nothing to do with it. And, if we knew how Lance got cancer, we would also know how to cure it.

QUESTION ID: 5MUFHHTWHG6ZNP6
QUESTION SUBJECT: How To Control Stress And Anxiety?
QUESTION CONTENT: What are some good ways to reduce stress and anxiety and be able to focus/concentrate better? Thanks for any advice, it is GREATLY appreciated!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7652
One of the best stress relievers is exercise. It also helps reduce or get rid of depression! Avoid caffeine after noon.Talk to a good friend.Yoga is good for relaxation, meditation, and focus. Other than that, turn off the TV and get off the computer after 10PM. Listen to some soft music and read. Take a relaxing bath. Keep the lights low.Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4988
Here are some good ideas:1. Do something that gets your heart rate up a bit like, walking, running, biking, and swimming.2. Eat Whole, Organic foods like: Broccoli, Cabbage, Organic Brown Rice, Beans, Spinach, Sweet Potato, Apples, and other fruits and vegetables in their Natural State.3. Avoid eating corn, white bread, white rice, white potatoes, candy, sodas, chips, and anything else that you already know you shouldn???t be eating.4. Drink clean water as your beverage of choice. Avoid Fruit drinks and fruit juices (unless YOU juice them yourself)5. Stop smoking, drinking beer&wine, and drinking coffee.6. Get 8 hours of sleep each night.7. Hang out with people who want to be healthy.8. Avoid anything with High Fructose Corn Syrup.9. Look into taking a multi-vitamin.Tone up the muscles:1. Join a gym and get a trainer.2. If you???re short on cash, start a light stretching&yoga regimen.3. Do push-ups, and light dumbbell curls for the upper body.4. As I said above, walk, run, swim, and or bike5. Take an aerobics class, a yoga class, or some other fitness class.6. Join the local YMCA.7. Buy or borrow this book by Bill Pearl called GETTING STRONGER.In the book, he describes everything you need for a great fitness plan.8. Crunches&Curl ups for the abs.Mental Health:1. Get a friend to talk to each day about your feelings.2. If you have some money or insurance, get a counselor to talk to.3. Learn how to meditate.4. Join a support group for the issue you???re dealing with.5. Ask your Higher Self (or God) for guidance.6. Start keeping a diary or journal about your feelings&thoughts.7. Write a ???gratitude??? list every night.8. Do something that makes you happy each day like: listen to your favorite music, draw, paint, write, or anything creative.9. Do something for someone else who needs help.10. If the above suggestions don t improve your mental health, talk with your therapist about the possibility of taking some medication.11. Check out the book FEELING GOOD by David Burns.Take care of yourselfYam King
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20983
breathing. it sounds really dumb but with consistent slow breaths sometimes with closed eyes, it helps to control stress&anxiety. and also after a long day at work, try to treat yourself to something nice, like a nice long bath with scented candles, or a girls night out to a movie.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63936
First: all toxic people gotta go..the ones who can t live without drama and bring you into it. Down time everyday..just for you alone...doing whateveryou like to do...I ve had people get finger paints, water-color paints and play like a kid...it s fun..de-stressing and a lot of big companies are paying for their workers to go for a day of kindergarten....we sometimes forget how easy it is to play and have fun.......
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63937
B-complex vitamins are really good to keep u calm&focussed.  They also give u an enegry boost.  Just make sure u take them with food so u don t get nauseated.

QUESTION ID: 5MWR0HX5V54D68R
QUESTION SUBJECT: How Do You Deal with This for the First Time?
QUESTION CONTENT: Ok I normally can break things down as to how to feel or what to say.  This time I dont know what to say.  For the first time in my life I found out that a friend of mine, close to my age, is probably dying of cancer.  Was diagnosed with lung cancer.  Doesnt smoke at all.  Has one son still in school.  For the first time soemthing leaves me with a tounge that is tied.  I mean it isnt because of an accident or war or anything.  This time plainly a case of getting older and increased chance of something like cancer.  How to I deal with this and what do I say to him?  What would you say?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 48253
I don t mean to make light of how you feel . . however, lets put this in perspective . . for me the one with advanced cancer is my darling son, my child. He has a rare stage IV abdominal sarcoma that metastasized throughout his body. We didn t know if he would survive the first month after diagnosis because some of his tumors were as large as volley balls. But all that was over two years ago. We took everything day to day and fought the cancer by research and finding the best treatment possible. He has undergone 9 months of high dose chemotherapy, three major abdominal and thoracic surgeries, more chemotherapy, and now a Clinical Trial.We still cope and deal with this life threatening illness on a daily basis because there is no guarantee with this disease.My best advice to you is to support your friend by visiting or calling regularly. Your friend already knows that you feel bad for him . . he knows everyone feels bad . . but that does not change the situation. He still has cancer no matter how badly you feel. So, the best thing to do is to treat him normally, ask him if he wants to go places or do things with you that you ve always done together. Do not assume that just because he has cancer he can no longer go out and enjoy life. Invite him places, treat him normally. If he wants to talk about the cancer than listen to him, other wise . . just be his friend. That is all your friend wants or needs from you. Treat him as normally as possible. He will appreciate it. And, remember . . the cancer is not about you and how badly you feel . . this is about you being a good friend.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48254
Don t think of cancer as a case of getting older Cancer strikes the young as well the older people. It is also not a death sentence . Was it caught early? was it caught late? Is he seekig a second opinion? Apparently yours is a deep friendship, for you to care this much. Some things to remember. This is still your friend, he hasn t changed. Yes, he has a disease, and things will be different. He may not be able to do things you used to do in the past. But now would be the time to explore different things.  offer to help, but don t push yourself on him. As hard as this is for you to accept, it is even harder for him, and his family to accept. Be yourself, if you went fishing with him, continue to go fishing, go bowling, have a bbq! (once treatments start, it may be hard), but continue to be his friend.

QUESTION ID: 5NBDVCNWEJYSGNY
QUESTION SUBJECT: i m 16, how many calories should i take in, want to lose weight, too?
QUESTION CONTENT: whats the number of calories you should never go below. how do i eat to lose weight? is it breakfast, snack, lunch, snack, dinner? or b, l, d, no snack, or 1 snack...? for exercise, i m just gonna do 30 minutes, slowly work my way up to 1 hr. i m looking to lose a good 15 lbs. by april 1st.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70198
Healthy weight-loss is one pound per week, or slightly more than that. 15 pounds by April is therefore a pretty reasonable goal. Your weight loss should progress faster because you are exercising too. In order to do this you must cut 500 caloires out of your daily diet. You always want to have at least 3 meals a day, and you larger meals should be eaten in the morning. That s because your body needs the energy to keep it working all day. It makes no sense to eat all your food at dinner, when afterwards you re just gonna watch tv or whatever. Other than that, as long as you don t exceed your calories limit, you should be fine to eat whenever. Avoid eating just before bed though. Ideally you want your last snack to be no later than 7pm. Also, I m not sure what kind of exercise you ll be doing, but if it involves gaining muscle, remember that muscle weighs more than fat. So by April you may have lost your 15lbs of fat, but gained a few pounds of muscle.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4740
Hey.  Well, the biggest thing about losing weight is routine.  First of all, I m not a big number person, but I try to be aware of what goes in my mouth.  I d stay away from junk - like chips or sweets.  Second of all, eat a little, but eat every 3 hours if you can, about 5-7 little meals a day.  Third, don t forget your water!!!  Lots of it.  Stay away from empty calories like soda and juices that are full of sugar.  Do the walking, but also do some lifting, even if it s leg lifts, or grab a couple of cans of green beans and do some curls.  Building muscle helps with weight loss.  Eat as healthy as you can, raw or steamed veggies, chicken breast, fish if you can.  Go easy on the pasta, potatoes and other things like that.  Stay away from fried foods or processed ones as much as you can.  Here s a very easy spinach recipe for you.  I used to hate spinach until I found this.  Steam the spinach - a bag.  About 4-5 min.  Get the water out, drain it, and chop into bite size pieces.  In a bowl mix a 2 tbsp of soy sauce, a tbsp of sesame oil (you can get in anywhere these days), a bit of sugar, vinegar, black pepper and one crushed garlic clove.  Add to the spinach and mix together.  You can eat it warm, or put it in the fridge and eat later.  I just hope you like garlic.  I love it.The most important thing is to keep with it.  And I know you re only 16 now, but it s so important to establish healthy eating habits early on.  Also, don t start smoking, ever.  I did that at 16, the dumbest thing I ever did in my life.EDIT - Oh, and get your rest, sleep 7-8 hour a night, and wake up at the same time every day.  DO NOT skip a healthy breakfast (scrambled eggs or egg beaters - fat and cholesterol free, sliced cucumbers - clean your liver which helps metabilize fat, and a cup of berries - antioxidants) .  If you only lose 5 or 10 by April first, don t beat yourself up... you re going in the right direction, just be patient.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63528
multiple ur weight by ten and then multiply ur weight by the amount f execersice u get a day from 1- 10, if u do no excersice at all, but u do walk from ur house to school, or up and down the stairs, start off by 4 if ur activity is very good, then multiply ur weight byt 7-9 [like an athlete s excersise]..then add both of the products together, and u get the calories u need a day to maintain ur weight, and if u take 500 calories of that, u will have the perfect diet and lose 1 pound a week.Ex: if u were 100 pounds... 100 x 10 = 1000                     100x 5 = 500 [ the five is for then amout of activit u do in a day]After that, you add the two products together to get 1500 calories per day, and if u want to go on a diet, take off 500 calories a day, making this example of a diet of eating 1000 caloriesa day. u will then lose a pound good luck

QUESTION ID: 5P4NSTENYBLB75W
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are myths such as Evolution theory allowed  to be taught in our schools?
QUESTION CONTENT: Why are they trying to brain wash us into believing that we descended from monkeys?  Haven t you read the bible??All this democrat false propaganda should banned!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81643
Evolution theory is a myth huh? Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha!!!!!! There s tons more  hard, irrefutable, SCIENTIFIC evidence that evolution is a valid theory than there is that the idiocy you fundamentalists spew is anything more than ridiculous superstition.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81644
Well, as a liberal who loves false propaganda, I have to ask you why the bible should be taught in schools when it s quite probable that it is a work of fiction and has no scientific proof behind anything in it.  Remember that America is also a democracy, meaning that religion and state should never, ever be mixed.  Remember also that not everybody in this country are brainwashed christians.  If you want your kids to learn about the ridiculous theories of creationism taught in the bible, then send them to a private catholic school and quit bitching about public schools, which are suppossed to serve everybody.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81645
Because otherwise they would have to be taught that we were magic-ed up by an invisible wizard. Now that s stupid!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81646
First of all, check out what evolution theory really is. When religious fanatics bash evolution theory they only ever talk about the humans from monkeys aspect. In fact, evolution is a much broader topic that talks about the evolution of species, adaptation, natural selection, all of which have been basically proven true and not agains the Bible at all. Very very rarely do schools talk about evolution as applied to humans. And a side note, I assume you are talking about high school and below edu. I hope you can answer your own question when it is applied to secondary schooling. Do a little research on what you are so firmly against. Maybe you are against the fact that they are teaching a theory , something that sounds like propaganda. Many scientific discoveries are theories and yet they have heavy technological applications. Einstein s 2 theories on relativity are only theories after all but look at what it has done for the world. I hope will come to see that science and religion are not mutually exclusive, and that both are important forms of knowledge that often complement each other.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81647
First of all, theory is not fact.  Theory is, to quote the dictionary: 1. Systematically organized knowledge applicable in a relatively wide variety of circumstances, sep. a system of assumptions, accepted principles, and rules of procedure devised to analyze, predict, or otherwise explain the nature or behavior of a specified set of phenomena.  2. Abstract reasoning; speculation.  3. An assumption or guess based on limited information or knowledge.The keyword here is abstract reasoning.  By the time one reaches High School, one should begin to be able to demonstrate the capacity for thinking in abstractions, e.g., reasoning for oneself.  You appear to have done so by dispelling the theory of evolution.  But on what basis do you dismiss it?  Is it after careful consideration of all scientific data?  Or, is it due to the belief system of your parents/family/social group?  As for the banning of false democratic propaganda...?  How have you managed to correlate the theory of evolution with Democrats?How does political affiliation sway ones knowledge about the universe?By making such accusation, one would tend to believe your political philosophy leans toward conservativism.  Republicans boast about their conservative belief.  The word conservative is derived from the verb conserve which means a tendency to resist change. Conservatives also uphold the belief that the government should interfere as little as possible, and increased government activities create great threat to INDIVIDUAL LIBERTY.   Would you agree that when our government leaders are telling us what to think and what to believe they are threatening our INDIVIDUAL LIBERTY?Liberals, on the hand, who are associated with the Democraticparty, believe that change is generally a good thing.  They ascribe to the belief that governmental regulation and intervention are very often necessary as the means of safeguarding human rights, of which includes INDIVIDUAL LIBERTIES, and whether that were to credit the beginning of the universe to evolution, or creation.  Wouldn t it be more prudent to make your stand by defense with actual belief or knowledge than by casting stones at who, and what you don t understand?Lastly, do YOU actually read the Bible, or do you rely on what others tell you to read and how to interpret those readings?Time to begin to think for yourself!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81648
You cannot ban it&call it propaganda.Just as many people believe in The Theory of Evolution as believe in the Bible. Some people want the bible classified under fiction at libraries.Also, this is a free country&peopel should be open-minded enough to accept that not everyone thinks the same.It is well seen from your question (&name) that you are an American&therefore unable to see things from any perspective other than your own.Also, have you ever truly studied Chimps&Orang Utan? No - I thought not. They live in family groups with a strict pecking order. they look after their infants&elderly. They protect each other&comfort each other. I think we should be proud to be linked to such a caring species as any primate.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89106
I agree!  Evolution is a theory in collapse.  There are many scientists with PhD s in their fields who are questioning evolution.  The liberals and atheists want to shove evolution down our throats because it fits into their anti-God worldview.  However, in good science, one of the main principles is the freedom of academic inquiry.  Most Americans favor teaching Darwinism and Creation side by side and some support teaching only Creationism.Yet, Darwinists want to impose a kind of academic facism on us that does not allow freedom of academic inquiry.  We are only allowed to learn their theory and we re not allowed to question it!  What are the evolutionists so afraid of?Do they know that as soon as people are allowed to question evolution their theory will crumble?There is a ton of scientific evidence for creation that evolutionists simply ignore.  Darwinists aren t scientists, they re ideologues bent on imposing evolution as dogma.

QUESTION ID: 5PJOSO6E57MHGGG
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I order chemicals from a chemical supply company?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 67428
It really depends on the company. I ve bought probably a hundred pounds of chemicals from various companies over the years (started in 6th grade, in High School now) and there are a lot of choices out there. Pyrotechnic and soap/general supply internet companies are usually very good sources for most standard lab chemicals, and they usually have good pricing. The companies I d recommend in those categories are Firefox-fx.com (pyro supply, good pricing), Skylighter.com (also a pyro site, a bit more restrictions), UnitedNuclear.com (a new and quite expansive site with many general science supplies and info, bit expensive but lots of good stuff), and ChemistryStore.com (non-pyro, large selection of general chems, very good prices).As for the more industrial-ish supply companies like Sigma-Aldrich Sargent-Welch and Fisher, I profess ignorance, having never bought from them. They generally have a lot of really uncommon and interesting chems, but their pricing on small orders is f^&* insane, so only order from them if you need a really unusual chem not available elsewhere.Hope this helps!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67429
Depends on the company,  and on the type of chemicals.  Give them a call... but be aware that a lot of chemicals are restricted for safety and security reasons.  You may be able to buy some things, but - as I said - depends what you re after.

QUESTION ID: 5QZJF3L4HIRACMH
QUESTION SUBJECT: Can someone in their 20s have a heart attack, and if so, how common is it?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 45118
Anyone can have a heart attack at any age.  It is not that common.  Most of the time when it is a young person there is an underlying problem that has not been detected.  Every week it claims the lives of an average of four people ??? making young heart attack almost as deadly as meningitis.   One reason is some young people have hypertrophic cardiomyopathy which is a genetic disease in which the heart muscle thickens abnormally. The thickened heart muscle can interfere with the heart s electrical system, increasing the risk for life-threatening abnormal heartbeats (arrhythmias) and,  sudden death.  Among those who have died by the disease is the son of one-time Wales football manager, Terry Yorath, Daniel, who died aged 15, within months of signing for Leeds United; Olympic cycling hopeful Adrian Hawkins, 22; Everton footballing prodigy John Marshall who was just 16; and Laura Moss, 13, a brilliant young international swimmer. Student Caroline Lucas, 21, was one of the latest victims.  The gifted university student was found dead in her bed by her father after an evening revising for an exam.  She had showed no signs of illness. If you are asking for yourself or someone you care about, please haveyourself or the one you care about checked out by a cardiologist.  Click these links if you would like to read more information:http://www.c-r-y.org.uk/heart_attack_young_healthy_people.htmhttp://nitawriter.wordpress.com/2006/09/24/young-at-heart/http://www.webmd.com/heart-disease/tc/Hypertrophic-Cardiomyopathy-Topic-Overview
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45119
not as common as someone older but, if the person is a drug user, obese or suffers from heart disease or abnormalities, the odds increase.

QUESTION ID: 5ST6V762GUBVLDX
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you revise Science ??
QUESTION CONTENT: How do revise Science . I have my mock next week !! Help !!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 13808
I think your question may be too broad.  Can you refine what exactly you are talking about and/or looking for?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2667
Your question is very brief. I will assume you are asking how new scientific theories supercede older ones.Usually, a new theory is considered better than an older one if it explains more facts. Primitive notions of gravity were things fall .  Galileo did experiments that said falling things accelerate; the speed increases by 32 feet per second, every second. This explained the speed of things that fall on Earth. Newton s theory said things with mass fall toward each other; the acceleration on one mass is proportional to the mass of the other, and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between their centers. This explained everything Galileo s theory did plus it explained the moon and planets. Einstein s theory of gravity (General Relativity) explained all that plus it explained how Mercury s orbit advances by a few seconds of arc per year. And so on.  Each theory must agree with all the cases of the theory that precedes it, plus explain new ones.Good theories also make predictions that haven t been observed yet, but if they are then it is supporting evidence. Einstein s theory not only explained the Mercury problem but also predicted the bending of light at a solar eclipse. This was verified by experiment a few years after the theory was published.  If the experiment had not observed what Einstein predicted, then even though his theory explained Mercury it would not be taken as seriously, because it made predictions that were wrong.

QUESTION ID: 5SWC6V74VHKQNNF
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to construct a family tree using IT? How to share info and get info to make a family tree.?
QUESTION CONTENT: Are there free programs? Which are the best programs?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1712
There isn t any magic program. If you were writing a novel, Word would help you check your spelling, give you a total word count, tell you what grade level you were writing at and let you revise a chapter without re-writing th ebook. It would not give you a plot or make sure your prose was taut and gripping.The three most popular genealogy programs are PAF (Free), Roots Magic ($29) and Family Tree Maker ($39 and up). RM does not come with any data. FTM comes with data you can look at that may help and may not. The more data you buy the higher the cost.All three will let you enter data, but you have to find it and verify it yourself. You have to judge whether the story of Great Uncle Elmer marrying a Cherokee Princess was true. None of them will go out onto the Internet and find your ancestors for you.There are 400,000 free sites on the Internet. There are several huge subscription sites. There are family bibles, newspaper articles and books in libraries. All contain data that may help you.I like RM, FTM is the market leader in the USA and PAF is free. If you Google Genealogy Software Comparison you will get a number of hits.You can share info by 1) Sending out GEDCOM files. These are files your genealogy program writes and other genealogy programs read.2) Printing reports on paper3) Burning your data base onto a CDEvery genealogy program will do 1&2. I know RM will do 3; the others may.There are free programs; PAF is the most popular. Best for my money is RM, but my personal prejudices are not universal truths. RM will give you a short free trial (It is 14 or 30 days). You can have PAF for free. FTM may let you try it for a trial period. Their web site doesn t mention it, though.Links:http://www.rootsmagic.com/http://www.familytreemaker.com/http://www.familysearch.org/(Click on Order/download products)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1713
I ll deliberately ignore that you asked for a program, which is not the same as a website. And, I ll then send you to my favorite website, which is nothing more than a list of OTHER websites, having to do with genealogy.  Then, I ll FURTHER insult (or amuse) you, to say that the internet is a great place for researching your ancestors, but it IS just a tool.  Program wise, the LDS church has Personal ancestral file, for free. Work with free, when you are starting out. Buy better, later on, if you really think it serves a purpose. After 25 yrs, I still use the free program and put money into other things. Most of what you want/ need for finding your ancestors, is in understanding the process. You need to start with YOU; you need to use RECORDS AND DOCUMENTS to verify your info; you need to understand that a lot of what is online is fallible or pure garbage. And, the more places online that you can find or imagine, the better your odds of finding that info.  It will not all be online. Years back, someone got the idea that the internet would explode looking for ancestry. That got distorted into persons thinking that you can t find ancestors without it.  FALSE. If there is any one thing that online best offers, it is the opportunity to network with persons (all over the world!) to find either tips or info. Nope, I didn t answer exactly what you asked... but I hope it turns out to send you in the right direction anyhow.darn, almost forgothttp://www.cyndislist.com/beginner.htmthousands of sites and links.

QUESTION ID: 5UIEFL8NJRDJ518
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is all the focus for cancer on Breast cancer? Why not ovarian cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: My wife recently went through ovarian cancer and went through treatments, however all you ever hear about is the Power of Pink which is always related to Breast cancer, is there a reason why ovarian cancer is not recognized?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49230
Good point.  I think it may be because the Pink movement is to encourage women to get mammograms to screen for breast cancer.  There is no good screening for ovarian cancer, unfortunately.   I work for a major women s university hospital.  We are doing a lot of research for ovarian cancer.  So though you may not hear much....be assured there is much being done so that woman have a better chance for a cure, early diagnoses, etc.  One thing being developed and researched is a blood screening test for ovarian cancer which would be the equivalent to the PSA test for men (prostate cancer).  I know you and your wife must be frightened....Good luck.  I wish the best for you both.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49231
Hi inner....I agree but a word of encouragement, my friend is an advocate of Ovarian Cancer National Alliance (OCNA) in  Orange County, California.  She was diagnosed with stage 3 ovarian cancer and is a 13 year survivor.  She speaks at many seminars and is a regular on a show called, Your Cancer Today.   Also another best friend died at the age of 37 of this terrible disease and back in 1993, ovarian cancer was undetectable without a exploratory surgery (that is how they found my friend but it was too late).  Anyway, we will fight it and may ovarian cancer be just as visual as breast.  Best wishes and God speed to your wife.  :D
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49232
October is breast cancer awareness month, so certainly there are things that are much more visible during this time for breast cancer.Ovarian cancer is much more rare than breast cancer, and since it s more lethal there are many less survivors.  Therefore it s harder to get a mass of people behind it because not as many people are affected.  About 40,000 women in the US die every year from breast cancer, and it is the biggest cancer killer of women in the US.  Ovarian cancer kills about 14,000 women per year in the US, which is still a large number.However, it is still an important issue. There are organizations out there for ovarian cancer.  A teal ribbon is the symbol for ovarian cancer.  And a pink and teal ribbon is the symbol for ovarian and breast cancer, which often run in families due to a mutation in a gene called BRCA.You can support ovarian cancer through organizations such as the ones below
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88993
The women who organized breast cancer awareness over 20 years ago were primarily affected by breast cancer. They put together a powerful organization that received prominent corporate backing (I think the first company was a cosmetic company whose owner had breast cancer -Estee Lauder). Evelyn H. Lauder founded Estee Lauder and The Breast Cancer Research Foundationhttp://www.esteelauder.com/templates/products/multiproduct.tmpl?ngextredir=1&CATEGORY_ID=CATEGORY5887The focus on breast cancer is not led by the medical community, but by corporate pink sponsors as well as public organizations. Currently the Pink campaign is controlled by company sponsors with questionable motivations . . they seem far more interested in using the pink theme to promote good will and business for themselves than finding a cure for breast cancer . . . you are right . . why aren t companies and corportations that support the pink ribbons just as horrified by ovarian cancer, sarcoma, testicular cancer,  or childhood cancers.  Unfortunately . . it appears that breast cancer has become a political and highly commercial commodity. At the moment, though, the loudest voice gets the prize and that voice is from breast cancer advocates backed by powerful corporations.Do not blame those who suffer from breast cancer who are benefiting from the research and money generated by this campaign. Absolutely no one should suffer from cancer and it is difficult to voice a complaint against anyone or any organization that supports research to cure or eliminate cancer of any kind. But, there should be a more equitable means of supporting all cancer research.

QUESTION ID: 5UKOBM1SETCJTYA
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did radiation effect you after?
QUESTION CONTENT: My mom is just about done with her chemo for breast cancer and then she is to start radiation for 6 weeks everyday.  Some people are telling her not to do it that it is worse than chemo.  Can anyone tell me their side effects or how they delt with this.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85916
RADITION THERAPY -Many patients experience skin burn, fatigue, nausea, and vomiting after radiation therapy regardless of where the radiation is applied. After treatment, the skin around the site of the treatment may also become sore. Affected skin should be kept clean and can be treated like sunburn, with skin lotion or vitamin A and D ointment. Patients should avoid perfume and scented skin products and protect affected areas from the sun.Nausea and vomiting are most likely to occur when the radiation dose is high or if the abdomen or another part of the digestive tract is irradiated. Sometimes nausea and vomiting occur after radiation to other regions, but in these cases the symptoms usually disappear within a few hours after treatment. Nausea and vomiting can be treated with antacids, Compazine, Tigan, or Zofran.Fatigue frequently starts after the second week of therapy and may continue until about two weeks after the therapy is finished. Patients may need to limit their activities, take naps, and get extrasleep at night.Patients should see their oncologist (cancer doctor) at least once within the first few weeks after their final radiation treatment. They should also see an oncologist every six to twelve months for the rest of their lives so they can be checked to see if the tumor has reappeared or spread.RisksRadiation therapy can cause anemia, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, hair loss (alopecia), skin burn, sterility, and rarely death. However, the benefits of radiation therapy almost always exceed the risks. Patients should discuss the risks with their doctor and get a second opinion about their treatment plan.The outcome of radiation treatment varies depending on the type, location, and stage of the cancer. What ever be the side effects etc., the theraphy has to be given to killall the cancerous cells as CANCER IS STILL AN ENIGMA -
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72255
My experience with radiation was not so fun, but everything with my breast cancer has made my Dr s say, Well, this usually doesn t happen. Anyway, I did 5 weeks of rads and got pretty tired, and by then end my skin was very burned to the point of blistering and bleeding. I was given a product called Xeroform for my burns which I believe is what they use on burn victims. It worked very well for me along with pain medication.Most people say that chemo is worse, but for me rads was. If I had to do it all over, I would do it again though. Whatever I can do to keep breast cancer back, I will do. I keep this saying in my mind...This too shall pass, this too shall pass.Good luck to your mom and I admire you doing research for her, that is very nice of you.

QUESTION ID: 5VJXHFPQGHYZZT1
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can you Recover/Cure Sjogren s Syndrome ???
QUESTION CONTENT: How can you cure or recover Sjogren s syndrome ??
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7606
Sj??gren s syndrome is a chronic, probably autoimmune, systemic inflammatory disorder of unknown cause characterized by dryness of the mouth, eyes, and other mucous membranes. It can be primary or secondary to other autoimmune disorders. Sj??gren s syndrome may also cause rheumatoid-like arthritis or affect various exocrine glands or other organs. Diagnosis is by specific criteria relating to eye, mouth, and salivary gland involvement, autoantibodies, and histopathology. Treatment is symptomatic.SELF-CARE:-Many symptoms of Sjogren s syndrome respond well to self-care. A self-care plan may mean you follow some of the following advice:    * Use artificial tears and eyedrops.  These can relieve the discomfort of dry eyes. Artificial tears and eyedrops are available by prescription or over-the-counter. Thicker drops are available that you don t have to apply as often as other drops, but they may cause visual blurring and collect along your eyelashes. Ask your doctor about whether you should select artificial tears with or without preservatives, because the preservatives used to prolong the shelf life of some products can cause eye irritation in some people.      Another treatment that can keep your eyes moist is small pellets of hydroxypropyl cellulose (Lacrisert), which are placed in your lower eyelid. When you add artificial tears, the pellets dissolve and form a film over the moisture.    * Increase your fluid intake. Drinking lots of fluids, particularly water, helps to reduce dry mouth. Lemon juice in water may help stimulate salivary flow. Sugarless gum or hard candies also may help. Because the risk of dental cavities increases with Sjogren s syndrome, reduce your overall sugar intake, especially between meals.    * Use moisturizers. If dry skin is a problem, avoid using very hot water to wash and avoid soaking your hands in water or cleaning solutions. Pat your skin ??? don t rub ??? with a towel and apply moisturizers when your skin is still damp. Use rubber gloves when doing dishes or housecleaning. Vaginal moisturizers and lubricants help women who experience vaginal dryness.    * Stop smoking. Avoid smoking or exposure to secondhand smoke because smoke can increase your dryness.    * Increase humidity. Increasing the indoor humidity or protecting yourself in windy environments may help you reduce dryness. For example, avoid sitting in front of a fan or air-conditioning vent. You may also want to use goggles or protective eyewear when you go outdoors.    * Use nasal saline sprays. Nasal saline sprays can help moisturize dry nasal passages and may help relieve a dry mouth because a dry nose can increase mouth breathing.    * Protect your oral health. Brush your teeth after every meal and schedule regular dental appointments to protect against the increased risk of dental cavities. Your dentist or doctor may also tell you to use daily topical fluoride treatments and antimicrobial mouthwashes. Artificial saliva products can help keep your mouth feeling moist. These products can also help to prevent cavities if they contain fluoride.If you develop an oral yeast infection (such as candidiasis), your doctormay prescribe antifungal lozenges ??? for example, clotrimazole (Mycelex) ??? that will slowly dissolve in your mouth. Antifungal medication is also available in liquid form, such as nystatin (Mycostatin), for you to swish around your mouth.Inflammation of the parotid gland (parotitis) can be helped by massage, the use of warm compresses, and the stimulation of your salivary flow ??? such as through the use of sugarless hard candies. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) may help relieve your discomfort and inflammation.Please see the web pages for more details on Sjogren syndrome.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5667
Sjogren s Syndrome is a chronic autoimmune disease.  There is no such thing as a cure or recovery.  All you can do is treat the symptoms.  For the dryness, your doctor may prescribe drugs that stimulate your glands to produce more mucus and saliva, or recommend that you use gum or candies to help lubricate your throat.  If you have extraglandular involvement, you might also take corticosteroids or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID s) to relieve pain and inflammation.  If those treatments fail to provide relief, you may be prescribed immunosuppresants.

QUESTION ID: 6176VBT4U8N4S0W
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i get info on what kind of schooling i need after i get my pharm d to be and anestesiologist too?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73910
Spelling would be a good place to start - don t want to give out any bad scrips! After that, here s the deal.Education:          To become an Anesthesiologist requires many years of education. After four years in college to earn an undergraduate degree, the perspective anesthesiologist attends four years of medical school to earn an Doctor of Medicine degree. He/she must then complete another four years of training in an accredited Anesthesia Residency Program. The physician may then complete another one or two years in a subspecialty of anesthesia such as Obstetrical Anesthesia, Cardiac Anesthesia, Pediatric Anesthesia, or Pain Management.Board Certification:          After completing the above training, many anesthesiologists become a Diplomate of the American Board of Anesthesiology (D.A.B.A) or Board Certified . To become Board Certified by the American Board of Anesthesiology, the anesthesiologist must complete a minimum of 12 years of study in accredited programs as noted above. He or she must then pass a rigorous written and oral exam. Only after the physician has successfully completed these education requirements and passed thesedifficult exams is he considered a Diplomate of the American Board of Anesthesiology .          Some anesthesiologists complete similar requirements to become certified in their subspecialty as well, such as Pain Management Certification. When an anesthesiologist completes his formal training, but has not completed the certification exam process, he or she is considered Board Eligible .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22578
you need an MD.. don t recommend it... are pharm students that dumb that you don t know that?I mean i knew it was easy as hell to get in, but this is ridiculous

QUESTION ID: 61OXLMOMT62UWQP
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does smoking increase the risk of bladder cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: It seemd obvious why it would cause lung ca, oesphageal ca, and oral cavity ca, but why bladder ca?Is there a particular carcinogen responsible or reason why it causes transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87752
Smoking is considered one of the greatest risk factors for bladder cancer. The risk is probably due to the fact that cancer-promoting substances found in tobacco tend to collect in the urine, and then become concentrated in the bladder while awaiting excretion. Other chemicals, including aniline dyes, beta-napthylamine, benzadine salts, and mixtures of aromatic hydrocarbons also are believed to be cancer-causing agents. These chemicals are widely used in the rubber, leather, textile, chemical, plastics, petroleum, wood, and paint industries. It may take up to 50 years after the original chemical exposure for bladder cancer to develop. -
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46813
Exposure to environmental carcinogens of various types is responsible for the development of most bladder cancers. Tobacco use (specifically cigarette smoking) is thought to cause 50% of bladder cancers discovered in male patients and 30% of those found in female patients. Thirty percent of bladder tumors probably result from occupational exposure in the workplace to carcinogens such as benzidine. Certain drugs such as cyclophosphamide and phenacetin are known to predispose to bladder TCC. Chronic bladder irritation (infection, bladder stones, catheters, bilharzia) predisposes to squamous cell carcinoma of the bladder. Approximately 20% of bladder cancers occur in patients without predisposing risk factors. Bladder cancer is not currently believed to be heritable (i.e., does not run in families as a consequence of a specific genetic abnormality).Please see the web pages for more details on Bladder cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46814
Smoking inserts hundreds of carcinogenic substances into the body as a whole, increasing cancer risks in general, not just the localised sites you mention. Transitional cell cancer is the type the bladder is most prone to anyway, it makes up 90% of all bladder cancers.

QUESTION ID: 62NO14LIAJFYWFC
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is it when ever someone has the little  health prob. they run to the er?
QUESTION CONTENT: that is the reason why the waiting time is so long.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43248
Good questionAfter 31 years in nursing I still ask that question? The answers I have come up with is abuse of the system and or some people have very low pain tolerance and truly feel they need to seek medical attention even if it means waiting.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43249
Because the HMO gives you an appointment a month out.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43250
I had the pleasure ? to spend 8 hours in ER and it was a real eye opener. I was sat next to a male who told me he had been involved in a car accident and he was covered in blood. Five hours later he exploded told me he had self-inflicted the wounds with a razor. He feels his Father never loved him.Opposite was alcoholic sobering up. Then a female with bottle of caustic soda child proof cap arrived with three year old. Handed Child and bottle to Doc and then left. Twenty minutes later the Doc came out to look for the Mum, she was gone. A Tourist who woke with a crick in her neck, was worried because she has disc problem. Another Tourist who woke with a rash on his hands, needed a translator, who was drop dead lovely and it seems to me he was falling for the translator, a date in ER! Few kids that had fallen, Parents concerned over lumps, bumps and cuts. Then at 3pm, no kidding they all opened various bags and out came food and drink for the kids, felt as if I was at a picnic, rather then ER. Then a elderly male walked in and collapsed? His wife arrived after parking the car, 20 minutes and asked me where her husband was as he was having chest pains from 3am that morning. Various Ambulances from Private Nursing Homes, with Patients who were ill, needed treating. One man with a letter, he was told this was ER and he need to see the Orthopedic Surgeon no way ER could fast track a hip replacement. One female with leg in plaster, was concerned as she was still in pain! I was their by invite, was told to return Monday, having been their Saturday ER was empty, and they had no x-ray, ultrasound technicians available. At 4.30pm I saw a Doc who arranged for me to return Tuesday morning. My acute onset lower abdominal pain, was not diagnosed, having entered the system via ER. I eventually paid for a MRI and within two weeks the problem was Discs bulges and my GP started morphine treatment. Personally I think it is lack of education. Treatment, they came, they left reassured, but no treatment. The self inflicted had to wait until the alchol level in his blood was zero they took hourly blood tests. The rash, nothing, the crick in neck, nothing, the heart attack admitted and as for the 3 years old a Caustic Soda, she was now in free kindergarden.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43251
A lot of people lack health insurance and don t have a primary doctor.

QUESTION ID: 62USUI373ZKQGDU
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you subrtact and add fractions ?
QUESTION CONTENT: well i need help subtract ing this fraction and ppleassse eexplian word for word exactllyyy how you do it  7 5/6 - 2 =and in general how do you add fraactions that are mixed numbers for example like 6 7/10 + 9 3/5please i need elaborated detail, and step by step on how to do thesee thankks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 80263
example:9 4/5 plus 1 8/10simplify 8/10 to 4/5so the answer is 10 8/5simplify it again so the REAL answer is 11 3/5
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3931
well frist you put the one s which are nt  a fraction over one and then find comon factor that all dinamonators have in common and then for numerator you nedd to put the # that can be divded from the dinamontor to top and then you +/- and tada and then simfly*but you have and option {change it to decmial point and it makes life easier }
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3932
the top one s easy, 5 5/6. the bottom one s kinda hard and i graduatede highschool. find the lowest number that is a multiple of both denominators. make that the denominator. whatever u multiply each denominator by to get the common denominator, multipliy it s numerator by. after that it s cake. just add the numerators and keep the denominators the same. if u get a compund fraction like the top problem, i can t help u. hope this makes sense. :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3933
well for mixed numbers u need to make like 6 7/10 + 9 3/5 into 67/10+48/5 you do this by multiplying the denominator (bottom number) and the whole number then add the value of the numerator(top number) so with 6 7/10 you would do 10 x 6= 60 plus the 7 = 67/10 (just the example...answer not included to example)for the problem 7 5/6-2 you need to turn the 7 5/6 into 47/6.then make the 2 into a fraction = 2/1then make both numbers have common denominators by finding the first number that they both have in common.leave 47/6 like that since it is an even number and turn 2/1 into12/6 by multiplying the top and bottom number times 6you end up with 47/6 +12/6=59/6u can leave it like that or turn it into 9 5/6u do that by dividing 59 by 6 which equals 9 and whatever number you have left you put over the 6
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31430
oklol warning UI SUCK AT MATH!!!IM GONNA TRY AN REMEBERWAT I DID IN 6TH GRADE[im in 7th]ok well find the common denominator or something im sorry IDK
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31431
make common denominator6 7/10 + 9 3/5 =6 7/10 + 9 6/10 =      15 + 13/10 =16 +  2/10 =16 1/5
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72494
You have two ways of doing it.  The first requires converting your whole and mixed numbers into improper fractions and back again at the end.In the second method, you work directly with whole and mixed numbers.  That way, you don t necessarily have to convert to and from improper fractions but you must worry about carrying and borrowing between the fractions and the whole numbers.I will illustrate the first method (working with improper fractions) because it is easier to understand than carrying and borrowing.Regardless of which method you use, you must first find the least common denominator (bottom number of your fraction).  The least common denominator is the lowest number that is evenly divisible by all of your existing denominators.Okay.  Now let s do the first problem.7 5/6 - 2.  First thing is to convert each of these into a pure fraction.  For the first number, you multiply the whole part, in this instance 7, by the denominator of the fraction (6) to get 42.  To this, you add the numerator (top number) of the fraction to get the new top number.  The new bottom number is the same as the old one, at least for now.Therefore, 7 5/6 becomes (7*6 + 5)/6 = 47/6The other number is a whole number without a fractional part and has no explicit denominator.  However, it is always possible to convert a whole number into a fraction by using a denominator of 1.  Therefore, 2 = 2/1.Before we can do the subtraction, we must make both denominators the same.  First thing is to find the least common denominator.  In this case, it would be 6 because 6 is the smallest number that the existing denominators 6 and 1 will divide into.We don t have to do anything to the first fraction because its denominator is already 6.  The second fraction, 2/1, we must multiply both top and bottom numbers by a number that will give us 6 on the bottom.  This number is 6.  Therefore,2/1 = (2*6) / (1*6) = 12 / 6Now we can do the subtraction.  We add or subtract the top numbers as required by the problem and leave the bottom number as is.  Therefore,47/6 - 12/6= (47-12)/6= 35/6For certain kinds of problems, it is okay to leave the answer as an improper fraction.  However, unless otherwise indicated, you want to give the final answer in the same form that your original numbers were in.  In this example, that means a whole or mixed number.  We therefore convert the improper fraction to a mixed number by dividing the denominator into the numerator.  The quotient will be the whole part and the remainder the numerator of the fractional part.  The denominator will be the same as the one we started with.35 / 6 = 5 with a remainder of 5.  The quotient 5 will be the whole part and the remainder 5 will be the top part of our fraction.  The bottom part will remain the 6 that we started with, for a mixed number of 5 5/6.Before we call this our final answer, we check that the fractional part is in lowest terms.  That is, there is no number larger than 1 that will evenly divide into both top and bottom.  In this instance, there is no such number, so we are done.Let us now go through these steps for the other example:First, convert the mixed and whole numbers into improper fractions:6 7/10 = (6*10 + 7)/10 = 67/109 3/5 = (9*5 + 3)/5 = 48/5Next step is to find the least common denominator.  For this problem, 10 is the smallest number that both 5 and 10 will divide evenly into, so it is the least common denominator.Now we convert the fractions so that both denominators are the same as the least common denominator:67/10 - we are already there; no conversion necessary48/5 = (48*2)/(5*2) = 96/10Both denominators are now the same, so we can do the addition:67/10 + 96/10 = (67+96)/10 = 163/10Now convert the improper fraction back into a mixed number:163 / 10 = 163 ?? 10 = 16 r 3.= 16 3/10 as a mixed number.After checking for common factors in the fractional part, what used to be called reducing the fraction and finding no such common terms, we declare the final answer to be 16 3/10.

QUESTION ID: 630OT4OEWCEBOBE
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why don t Eskimos have fur?
QUESTION CONTENT: If we re here due to evolution,why did it stop. There are generations upon generations of fish and monkeys that have never seen ANYTHING outside their own enviroment. How does hard factual science just plain stop. In my opinion we would see fish walking up on the beach constantly, Eskimos would have fur, we would see apelike caveman people making crude tools and pulling women around by their hair. I say that creationism is just as far fetched as evolution. If we are all here right now by random acts of science, that is a miracle in itself. I heard someone say that evolution is basically a tornado whipping through a junkyard and leaving behind a 747...why is that so much easier to accept by so many people than the concept of God?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69279
Hahaha! Evolution in itself has so many holes in it. I am suprised you ask this because Evolution has been proven wrong!There are places you can look like the creation institute for example. These guys whole purpose is to disprove evolution and they have by leaps and bounds.Like for example, why is it they say fossilized wood takes thousands of years to fossilize and yet when mount saint helens acted up the found fossilized wood that had fossilized in only a day? Hmmmmm!The ancient neanderthaw man, think again. They found an entire tribe in Africa that looked just like that.I mean there are so many holes in Darwins evolution theory. It was only that, just a theory and infact, Darwin himself contested his own theory right before he died. He had become a christian of course and realized he was wrong but no scientist will give you that history.Heres a huge one for exampleThe big bang theory.This is a direct quote out of a publication and book entitled The Evolution Cruncher The big bang theory has been accepted by a majority of scientist today. It theorizes that a large quantity of nothing decided to pack tightly together and then explode outward into hydrogen and helium. This gas is said to have flowed outward through frictionless space ( frictionless, so the outflowing gas can not stop or slow down) to eventually form stars, galaxies, planets, and moons. It all sounds so simple, just as you would find in a science fiction novel. And that is all it is.What is it all about?The originators_ George Lemaitre, a Belgium, struck on the basic idea in 1927; aqnd george Gamow, *R.A. Alpher, and R. Herman devised the basic big bang model in 1948. but it was Gamow, a well-known scientist and science fiction writer, that gave it its present name and popularized it. (*Isaac Asimov, Asimov s New guide to science, 1984, p. 43).Campaigning for the idea enthusiastically, he was able to convince many other scientist. He used quaint little cartoons to emphasize the details. The cartoons really helped sell the theory.The Theory_ According to this theory, in the beginning, there was no matter, just nothingness. Then this nothingness condensed by gravity into a single, tiny spot; and it decided to explode!I could go on and on about this. There are facts that prove this to be a hoax! All that science eventually does is prove that evrything was created by design. I had to stop quoting because this little theory of the Big bang, covers  many pages but its very thurough!I will leave you with the words of a song By Geoff moore and the Distance entitled Evolution redifined.Darwin first did the eminent service of arousing attention to the probability that all life is a continuim. All living things despite their awesome diversity are related to each other. and Evolution is the study in which the structure of plants and animils changes with the passage oftime thus accounting for the continuem.I was stairing to the blackboard tryen to keep from sleeping!Doing my very best to hear the subject they were teaching.When to my suprise i couldn t believe my earsThis is what you look like back a million years!Your uncle was a monkey he was swinging through the trees.He lived on green bananas and his arms swung to his knees.He spoke with such conviction it really made me thinkmaybe my teacher He s the missing link!He said I believe in Evolution! ask another question I tell you no liesIts the only possible solutionBig bang theor! Infactual liesEvoltuion redifinedIt takes a lot of faith to say we re accidents of nature.But I believe we are the work of a loving creatorOh you can wait a million yearshope that nature does its partbut it only takes a moment for God to change your heartThats why I believe in Evolutionchanging of the heartrenewing of the mindIts the only true salutionGod is always working changing livesIts evolution redifined!I used to trust in natural selectionMy survival was all I could see.My evolving to perfection started when God rescued me!I believe in Evolutionchanging of the heartrenewing of the mindit s the only true salutionGod is always working changing livesIts evolution redifined!!!Evolution redifined!!!!!YA!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70763
This doesn t sound like a question; looks like you have all the answers already. Congratulations.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78097
HEY!!!! I myself do not know the answer, But  He doesnot need a 10 page letter of writings which most won t read anyway.

QUESTION ID: 63HTOVS6ES7HS7C
QUESTION SUBJECT: why did the north attack fort sumter?
QUESTION CONTENT: If anyone knows plz help ive looked all over the internet and cant find anything?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5559
Fort Sumter was a US army fortification guarding the Atlantic coast.  It was occupied by loyal union soldiers when South Carolina seceded.  Lincoln was trying to resupply the fort with food and other necessary provisions when the CSA attacked and ultimately captured it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7725
the north did not attack fort sumter, the south did.  it was in s. carolina, which had seceeded, and was unable to send supplies to.lincoln sent a message to davis asking him to let them send food to the fort, and agreed.  when they got there, they were fired upon and turned back (the ship carrying supplies but not weapons or ammo)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65001
Your question should say why did the south attack fort Sumter?  When South Carolina seceded from the Union (the North), they were going to seize the United States (the North) forts in the harbor at Charleston, S.C.  Major Robert Anderson directed the harbor defenses.  He made his headquarters in Fort Moultrie.  He realized that South Carolina troops would soon attack Fort Maultie and that it would be difficult to defend his position.  He moved his headquarters to Fort Sumter.In April, 1861, Pierre Beauregard, the Confederate (Southern) general, demanded he (the Union-northern army) to surrender  the fort.  Anderson refused.  The battle at Fort Sumter began the Civil War.  On April 14, Union troops (the northern troops) evacuated the fort.  The Confederates (the southern army) permitted them to leave with their weapons and their flag.  The South held Fort Sumter until February 1865.  In April of that year, troops again raised the United States flag (the Northern flag) over the fort. Why did the south attack fort Sumter?  They wanted the strong hold of the harbors.  They saw the importance of who would have control of the harbors.  The South took the harbor from he north but the north took it back.Hope this helps.

QUESTION ID: 63LGTJR3CCKKZ06
QUESTION SUBJECT: why were leap years created, who would have known about the extra day if it was skipped?
QUESTION CONTENT: How did know that we needed an extra day, what  stopped someone from saying that this is how its supposed to be.back when people did stuff like one day starts sunrise and ends sunset how would they have known that you need to add a extra dayWouldnt there still be some time left off over hundreds of years with the current system
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 62237
Brant s answer is very good, but it got me wondering about the history.  For a long time, western civilization used the Julian calendar, which has a leap year every 4 years.  (We now use the Gregorian calendar, which omits three leap years in every 400 years.)You might think that the Julian calendar (named for Julius Caesar, who introduced this scheme) might have been a replacement for a simpler calendar that had 365 days and drifted by about 24 days per century; but it wasn t.There s an interesting article in Wikipedia on the Julian calendar:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julian_calendarThe Romans were aware of the problems of calendar drift before Caesar, but they used a very complex (and somewhat empirical) method of inserting and removing days in order to eliminate the drift.  This is terrible for any kind of long-term business or governmental planning; you can never be sure of exactly how many days will be in the coming years.The old method was so chaotic that Caesar introduced the much more systematic method of having a calendar of 365 days with a leap year (with an additional day) once every four years.  It was a very good solution, but it still drifted almost one day per century, and this drift became obvious over hundreds of years.  Scholars in the Catholic church noticed that their religious holidays were drifting with respect to the seasons.  Eventually, the Gregorian calendar was introduced by Pope Gregory XIII, and provided a calendar that has very little drift.  (It s not perfect, however; there is still an error of about one day every 3226 years.)-- edit:To correct for the errors that had accumulated in the Julian calendar, Pope Gregory skipped past 10 days; the calendar jumped from October 4, 1582, to October 15, 1582.  Non-Catholic countries that delayed the adoption of the Gregorian calendar had to add even more days when they finally did switch.As I mentioned, the current system is off by one day in 3226 years.  Since we have been using the Gregorian calendar for less than 500 years, this drift hasn t been a problem yet.  Perhaps people will worry about this sometime in the next 3000 years.  The old Soviet Union actually came up with an improvement over the Gregorian calendar by skipping one additional leap year every 2800 years.  The two calendars won t deviate until the year 2800; maybe there will be a worldwide discussion in 2799, along with problems associated with the Y2800 bug.-- editThis discussion has been about the calendar used in the western world (that is, Europe and its colonies).  As Gary H mentions, the Mayans had a different calendar.  The Jewish and Chinese calendars both use leap months to keep in sync with the seasons.  There must have been many other calendrical systems around the world, but I m not familiar with them.  The other famous modern calendar, the Islamic calendar, is purely lunar.  Each of its twelve months begins at the first sighting of the waxing crescent moon.  Unlike the other calendars, it drifts rapidly (nearly 11 days per year) through the seasons.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3926
Astronomers and calendar makers discovered a long time ago that one complete year was not a whole number of earth revolutions.  Careful measurements over even a couple of years would show that the sun is migrating some each year.  After a hundred years, the calendar and the seasons would be off by nearly a whole month.  Even before they knew the way the solar system was structured, they could still see the error accumulating over time.As for who first came up with the idea, I don t know.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15076
Who would have known? Well the farmers would have known. Knowing exactly when to plant and when to harvest was a matter of life and death. So farmers started keeping tabs on the days. Especially important was this for farmers in ancient egypt. The river Nile floods yearly at very regular times. If you harvest too late, if you are off by even a day, all the food will be washed away. So if the year got longer than predicted it would surely have been noted as people would starve.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15077
the Mayans developed a calendar hundreds of years before Columbus discovered the new world.  I believe their calendar is accurate to within a few seconds even after two thousand years.The calendar is all based on the motion of the sun (relative to a spot on the earth).  The Maya used observations of the stars as well as the sun.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62238
A leap year is a year in which an extra day is added to the calendar in order to synchronize it with the seasons. Since the tropical year is 365.242190 days long, a leap year must be added roughly once every four years (four times the fractional day gives ). In a leap year, the extra day (known as a leap day) is added at the end of February, giving it 29 instead of the usual 28 days.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62239
Julius Caesar created leap years in 46 B.C.  Caesar s astronomer, Sosigenes, did the actual math to determine how often it was required.In 1582, Pope Gregory XIII refined the leap years system slightly, when it had been determined that Caesar s calendar still created an error of 3 days every 400 years.  Gregory also skipped ten days of the calendar that year to compensate for the errors that had already occured.  Thursday, October 4th 1582 was followed by Friday, October 15th, 1582.The effect of not having a leap day is that the seasons would slowly drift around the calender in a cycle of about 1500 years.  People tend to notice such things, even if it takes a few hundred years.

QUESTION ID: 65S4QFKIXIELPEK
QUESTION SUBJECT: How would you book Brock Lesnars return to WWE if he were to return?
QUESTION CONTENT: Go into detail of how youd book a long term angle with him. Would he be a heel or face and what brand would he be on? Best answer or idea of course gets those 10 points :-)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79171
He would be heel and on SD!  Ok, Batista is going to put Edge in the Batista Bomb.  The ref is down, someone runs from the audience.  It s Brock Lesnar, he spears Batista.  Then he picks him up and does the F5.  He puts Edge on Batista, the ref gets up and count.  Your winner Edge.  Brock isn t finished, he gets back in and throws Batista out the ring.  He moves the monitors from the announcer table, then he powerbombs Batista.  So, a feud has been set at Unforgiven it will be Batista vs. Brock Lesnar.  Then at Unforgiven, Batista is going to spear Brock, Brock moves and Batista hurts his shoulder.  Lesnar works on his shoulder.  Batista rolls out the ring.  Lesnar comes behind him and gives him a hard clothesline.  He picks Batista up in an F5 and throws him shoulder first into the ring post.  He then picks Batista up and throws him into the steps. The ref rings the bell and DQs Lesnar.  Then Brock comes out on SD.  Brock: I have came back for 2 reasons.  1 to destroy Batista and show him how a real Animal olays.  And 2 to reclaimmy World Heavyweight Title.  Edge comes out.  Edge: Lesnar this title is mine.  You may be bigger than me but I never back down from a fight.  Lesnar: Less talk more action Edge, so if it s a fight you want you got one.  No it isn t a fight I want. Actually I came to make you a proposition.  Me&U both hate Batista so how about we, take him down tonite.  Then it will be U&me for the World Heavyweight Championship.  Lesnar: Edge I don t like you but you got urself a deal.  Edge&Lesnar vs. Batista.  Vickie G. comes out and says it s a NO DQ match.  In the middle of the match Batista has took out Edge with a spear.  Brock jumps in and Batista clothesline him.  But Brock is still standing, Batista hits him again and Brock almost goes over the rope.  Batista hits him a 3rd time and Brock goes out.  Batista shakes the ropes.  He waits for Edge to get up and he kicks him.  He picks him up for the Batista Bomb, Brock comes in and hits Batista in the back with a chair.  Edge tells Brock to hold Batista down.  Edge gets another chair.  Edge hits the Conchairto on Batista.  They are not done yet, Brock gets a table and F5 s Batista on the table.  Brock pins Batista.  Him and Edge shakes hands.  Edge gets a mic.  Edge: Brock U know about that title match, well I lied.  You will never touch my title.  Brock is furious.  Vince McMahon music hits.  Vince: Edge, out of some of the guys in WWE I respect U alot.  You are no doubt the biggest star on SD.  And you are right, the fans don t want to see you vs. brock.  Oh no, but at Wrestlemania in that very ring it will be Edge vs. Batista vs. Brock Lesnar for the World Heavyweight Title.  Edge is shocked. Lesnar smiles.  Lesnar: Shine my belt for me Edge I want to see my face.  And one more thing here comes the pain!  Ok, Wrestlemania is here.  The match was changed to a 3 way Cage match.  B4 the match Batista was attacked by Ryder&Hawkins.  So he was told he couldn t compete.  He comes out anyway.  The match starts and Edge&Lesnar quickly takes out Batista.  They throw him to the cage and busts him open.  Edge looks at Lesnar and tries to escape the cage.  Lesnar jumps up and takes Edge down.  He gives Edge three german suplexes.  He waits for Edge to get up and then goes for the F5.  Batista spears Lesnar.  All 3 guys are down.  Edge picks Batista up and gives him the impaler DDT, but he kicks up.  Then he waits for Lesnar and hits the spear.  Lesnar kicks up.  Hawkins and Ryder come out and they beat up the ref and unlocks the cage.  They get in and they help beat up Lesnar and Batista.  Then Batista and Lesnar team up for a bit and cleans the house with Ryder&Hawkins. They take out Edge and Batista is ready to Batista Bomb Edge.  Batista turns around and F5 on Batista.  Lesnar then gets Edge and gives him an F5.  Lesnar climbs out.  Your new World Heavyweight Champion Brock Lesnar.  Then at Armageddon, Brock takes on Batista one last time in a stretcher match.  Brock offers Edge the same deal he did.  Edge helps Brock defeat Batista in a stretcher match.  Which puts Batista out of the picture and starts a new feud with Brock vs Edge.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6410
If Lesner were to return, throw him in a match with Ric Flair. The Nature Boy needs to lose. I mean it is so sad to watch him just flop around the ring. Flair is the only wrestler linking the 1970 s with present. He should just get booked against a mystery opponent and have Lasner s old music play. I could see Flair get busted up around the ring and fall to his knees, begging off Lesner s mammoth advances...Or better yet, don t even give Flair a chance to beg! Have Lesner come down and beat him in 9 seconds. Than they can go through an angle where Flair getsfired and every week tries to break into the building.As for Lesner s triumphant return, Austin and Goldberg aren t around. So send him after Great Khali. After that, Lesner would show Cena how to pull off the F-5... Cena s F-U is a total rip-off of that. Lesner knows how to do it better.After he gets on such a roll, McMahon hires Lesner as his personal bounty hunter and sends him after guys like Triple H or Bobby Lashley. Lesner will be jumping from Raw to Smackdown to ECW hunting guys McMahon sends him after. And than finally, after his task is complete, McMahon will turn down his request for a match against Randy Orton. Lesner would than hit the F-5 on McMahon and put him through a table. McMahon would go to the hospital and Ric Flair would take over as acting president. He ll give Lesner a shot against Orton.Lesner faces Orton and the referee goes down. Lesner hits the F-5. Than Flair comes down with all the guys McMahon has sent Lesner after come down and reek vengeance upon him.Lesner would than need someone to watch his back. So Lesner brings Sycho Sid back to be his partner. They would rip through everybody until Sid turned on Lesner and they feud.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6411
Nope, he is about to do UFC I believe
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66521
I would send him over to RAW. Reason being is that Smackdown! s major guys are all big guys (Taker, Batista, Khali, Henry) and RAW needs a powerhouse like him on their roster. I would then have him get into a very long, but not too drawn out fued, with Bobby Lashley. Reason being is that both of these men can get it done in the ring, but have very little mic capabilities. It would be humerous to see the promos and things they to with eachother. It would also be a great pear up because obviously both men are totally jacked. Not very creative,because I hate Brock Lesnar. He only got a push because he could F-5 The Big Show. I hope he never comes back.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66522
screw you woo, brock was awesome. he was hella strong, and also a good wrestler, he was really charismatic as well. i would like to see him come back, but im also interested to see what will happen of him in ufc.

QUESTION ID: 66AVRHXXTE21OX1
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to get help for Children with cancer? Can you tell me the best way to get people to help?
QUESTION CONTENT: My daughter is 6 yrs,old she went through many test to see if she had cancer.. Thank God she was one of the lucky ones and her test came back normal, she doesnt have cancer but would like to do something for the kids that do.She would like to go to Pediatric cancer hospital and take hats,candy , snacks, etc every  saturday so the kids will have something special to look forward to after the hard week they have been through with all the  treatments. How can I get people to donate money or snacks so she can do this for the children with  cancer? If you have any ideas please let me know.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 83142
1.  Call St. Jude s in TN and see what they recommend.  She may coudl do it long-distance, or if you re close, visit and help out w/ your supervision.2.  Call the volunteer group at your local hospital and explain what you and your DD would like to do, and see if she can help pass out magazines or books.3.  Get involved w/ Girl Scouts (GSUSA) and see if a troop would be willing to make cards or deliver toys w/ your DD and troop leaders.  If there are no troops near you, start one.4.  Get your DD to write letters to churches, Kiwanis or Rotary clubs, fraternal organizations, or other charitable groups that would have the money and the time to donate.  Be sure you both remain accountable for the money and how it was spent in case of any issues arising later.Be aware:  Children w/ cancer in the hospital for treatment are VERY sick, and it may scare your DD tremendously.  Be sure she is ready to see crying mothers, bald girls and boys, and children too weak to say thank you.SO GLAD your DD is fine!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31087
I have been in your shoes, with a child being checked for cancer and thank God my daughter also came back neg. for cancer.  I find that what she wants to do is amazing.  I would suggest putting something in the newspaper, Put flyers up around your hometown, when school starts you could ask if you could send a flyer home with children, Maybe you could try your local churches.  Ask the newspaper to run an article about your daughter wanting to do this. Best of luck to you and Tell your daughter that she is one special girl for wanting to do this.  Take Care:)

QUESTION ID: 66LGKBC87G7Q4FN
QUESTION SUBJECT: What the W.O.M.B.A.T. feature in J K Rowling s official all about? How does one gets the student id code?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3411
The WOMBAT tests on J.K. Rowling s official website were a series of three tests that Muggles could take in order to see how well they would do if they visited the wizarding world. Tests ranged from knowledge of Magical History to Defense Against the Dark Arts to Ministers for Magic.Sadly, in a recent interview with Melissa, webmaster of The Leaky Cauldron, J.K. Rowling revealed that nothing more was going to come of the WOMBATS. She said that they were through coming out with more tests and that there would not be any prize for students who did exceptionally well on the test.I also wanted to make it clear that the grading scale for the WOMBATs were built on the same grading scale as the OWLs in the Harry Potter books.I think it looks something like this:Troll, Dreadful, Poor, Acceptable, Exceeds Expectations, and Outstanding.Just an interesting fact, I am in a British culture class right now. The British national exam known as the A-Levels operates on a standard of grading similar to the OWLs. Kind of interesting to see how Rowling has adapted that for her books and how we, as Americans, don t quite understand it or don tthink much of it.About the student code: You could have applied for one on the website while the WOMBATs were being released. After you took the test, a clock would appear on your own special page on her website. This clock would let you know the status of your test, e.g. In the post, or Exam graded. Eventually, this page would have a parcel sitting on a stand for you. Clicking it would reveal your score.Hope this helps!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61368
you cant right now, it was a test from ages ago you havta wait and see if she releases a new 1

QUESTION ID: 671MHIUO32T5NRM
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why hasn t there been a 2nd big bang?
QUESTION CONTENT: If there can be 1, surely there can be a 2nd?Does the abscence of a 2nd big bang prove the big bang doubters right?the reply of because all the matter and energy is not at the centre of the universe right now does not hold.the big bang started from nothing - matter&anti-matter balanced to nothing.If all the matter and energy were at the centre, then who put it there?? so the God theory is proved??If there can be 1, surely there can be a 2nd anytime?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 60332
according to string theory each time a big bang happens it bangs into its OWN blank and empty universe.it also says that other big bangs DO happen quite often, just as explained above. big bangs are said to have happened WAY before ours did and many others have been happening after ours. Thusly there are said to be an infinite about other other universe we cannot see. They are completely detached from us in ALL senses.http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=4183875433858020781there is facility named CERN that has spent over TEN BILLION!!!!!!!!!!! $$$$ to prove this theory and others. This tells me its a VERY serious possibility string theory IS TRUE.http://public.web.cern.ch/Public/en/LHC/WhyLHC-en.htmlCERN will fire up in March 2008 and we ll be awaiting their results.I m very excited.the god theory is nowhere near being proved with the knowledge we have today. we need to investigate string theory and more in quantum mechanics before we can solve our questions.I will admit, string theory (with its INFINITE universes) does give room for god to exist. frankly that scares me, since I do not believe in god,
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2662
The answer is the String Theory...Everyone admits there are problems. The question is: Can string theory solve them? Some string theorists have suggested that the Big Bang wasn t the beginning at all, that the universe could have existed long before even forever. Not everyone is comfortable with the idea.If string theory is right, we are all living on a giant membrane inside a higher dimensional space.Some scientists have proposed that the answer to the Big Bang riddle lies in the movements of these giant branes.According to this idea, some time before the big bang, two branes carrying parallel universes began drifting toward each other and collided.All of that energy has to go somewhere.It goes into the big bang. It creates the expansion that we see, and it heats up all the particles in the universe in this big, fiery mass.As if this weren t weird enough, the proponents of this idea make another radical claim: the big bang was not a special event.They say that parallel universes could have collided, not just once in the past, but again and again???and that it will happen in the future. If this view is right, there s a brane out there right now, headed on a collision course with our universe.So another collision is coming, and there ll be another big bang. And this will just repeat itself for an indefinite period into the future.That was a very ingenious scenario that arose naturally within string theory. However, the good old problems creep back in again.The fact is we don t really know what happens when two branes collide. You can wind up with the same situation we had with the Big Bang; the equations don t make sense.If string theory is the one true theory of the universe, it will have to solve the riddle of the big bang. And there s a lot of hope that someday string theory will succeed. But for now, there s also a lot of uncertainty. As promising and exciting the theory is, we don t entirely understand it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20819
what would bang in a second bang??
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59274
I don t recall anyone ever claiming that there hasn t been a 2nd big bang or even an infinite series of big bangs.The only person definitively claiming the absence ofa second big bang is you.  Frankly, we have no way of knowing whether or not there have been multiple bangs...and we probably never will.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60333
Actually, there hasn t been a 2nd Big Bang yet.  Many physicists and astronomers theorize that before there was a big bang there was a big crunch.  Things from all over the glaxies and universe were pulled in by gravity into one central point.  This was the big crunch.  As pressure built in that central point it exploded which was the big bang.  By these theories, the universe is still expanding, at some point it will stop expanding at begin to be pulled back into that central point again.

QUESTION ID: 6BP0FL7RTVJPRX8
QUESTION SUBJECT: why switch me from surgeon to so many doctors?
QUESTION CONTENT: i started out with the colon surgeon and they found something wrong ......they kept giving me test and now have found abnormal lungs plus other things they will not do anything about until they know more about what is going on.......does doctors tell you the truth when you are really ill......i have another ct scan and chest ex ray and contrast monday to see more of the lungs........why do they keep changing me to doctors i do not know......now a pulmonology..how will they know if it is cancer on my lungs ....it was benign in the colon but they wanted to remove ulcerative parts but that has been put on hold now.....will doctors usually tell a manic depression person who lives alone the truth.............
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 9569
They are switching your docs around to try to get you with someone who can diagnose whats wrong.  A colon surgeon, is not gonna know as much about your lungs as a pulmonolgist.  When dealing with an unknown diagnosis, it is best to have docs that specialize in the are that the problem is.  I have never had a problem with my docs being honest with me, but...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1589
Ethically doctors are bound to tell the patient what the problem is . . . all the doctors we had were brutally honest. From your description it does not sound like they know exactly what is wrong with you yet . . you should be talking to your primary physician who may be able to better co-ordinate what is happening. If you have one physician that all the others can report back to it would make it easier for you.A surgeon will not operate until it is in the patients best interest. If there is a malignancy in the lung than the doctors will want to know for sure exactly what type of cancer it is (where it orginated from). If there is any doubt about what is in the lung than they will do a biopsy of the suspicious tissue for the correct diagnosis. Only a biopsy will tell for sure whether this is cancer or not. The biopsy will also tell what type ofcancer. If cancer is confirmed than your doctor will refer you to a cancer specialist called an oncologist. An oncologist can determine the stage and grade of tumor and recommend the best type of treatment for your disease.I know it is hard to wait for a diagnosis but the doctors want to be absolutely certain before telling you what they may suspect. There is still the hope that the spots in the lung are unrelated to cancer at all. If it is cancer than often the doctors are conferring and putting together a treatment plan to present to you. If it is not cancer than it may be the same thing . . they are conferring to see what treatment if any to offer to you. If you are not happy about your current situation you can always ask for a second opinion. Good luck to you.

QUESTION ID: 6BUIVO6MX4HWQIO
QUESTION SUBJECT: how did hitler become chancellor and why is it important?
QUESTION CONTENT: pls no silly responses thank you
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86374
Hitler had a keen and sinister insight into mass psychology, and he was a master of intrigue and maneuver. After acquiring German citizenship through the state of Brunswick, he ran in the presidential elections of 1932, losing to the popular war hero Paul von Hindenburg but strengthening his position by falsely promising to support Chancellor Franz von Papen, who lifted the ban on the storm troops (June, 1932).When the Nazis were elected the largest party in the Reichstag (July, 1932), Hindenburg offered Hitler a subordinate position in the cabinet. Hitler held out for the chief post and for sweeping powers. The chancellorship went instead to Kurt von Schleicher, who resigned on Jan. 28, 1933. Amid collapsing parliamentary government and pitched battles between Nazis and Communists, Hindenburg, on the urging of von Papen, called Hitler to be chancellor of a coalition cabinet, refusing him extraordinary powers . . .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41763
Hi try the links below:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolf_Hitlerhttp://www.historyplace.com/worldwar2/riseofhitler/index.htmhttp://www.time.com/time/time100/leaders/profile/hitler.htmlhttp://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/Holocaust/hitler.html

QUESTION ID: 6CNWHIWWU1YZKKQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to be happy?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79678
Since this IS in the philosophy section, I suppose I ll provide a philosophical answer.  Throughout the ages, the desire to be happy, and attaining that desire, has changed.  I ll provide a very, very, brief history of philosophy and let you select the best idea.  In the ancient era, the main philosophers believed in eudaimonistic ethics.  In very short, this is a fancy way of saying that if you do virtuous and good things, that you will be happy; and conversely, if you do vicious and bad things, you will be miserable.  Now, they say that being virtuous does not GUARANTEE happiness, but sets the only possible conditions for actually being happy.  This line of thought continued through the Islamic ages and into the Age of Faith.  However, more and more Christians were starting to believe that you can never attain ultimate happiness on earth.  From this, they started to shift and believe that happiness could only be attained upon unification with God, which entailed that one must both believe in God and follow His will.  With the Enlightenment and the Reformation, along with the need to break free from the authority of the Church, happiness takes a backseat to freedom.  The main idea in these ages is that one must be absolutely free, emancipated from everything, in order to be happy.  Hence, the revolutionary wars and the major idea to limit the power of governments.  I think happiness becomes more ambiguous at this time period though and/or more relativized.  Even the Declaration of Independence states that we are not entitled to happiness, but the PURSUIT of happiness, which means either they did not know what happiness was, or that they knew it was different for everyone.  Anyways, moving into the postmodern ages, a desire for aesthetics and beauty creeps back into our social needs.  With this desire, so the maxim that beauty is goodness (the reverse of the ancient maxim that goodness is beauty) comes into play.  For the main ideas in postmodern thought is a semi-relativization of happiness, since it is tied into your perception of the beautiful.  Anyways, I hope this isn t too long and this helps.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11515
happiness is inside of you.....people always think like this....i should have this and that....nobody think that i have this one or that.....read toltsoy....and erich maria remarque...i saw so many sick people in the hospital...if u tell em your not sick anymore they will be happy...so i must be happy too....if u buy a blue dress and bring it to house it is still blue....but happiness is different....u must feel it
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27783
It s a decision to be happy. A choice you have the option of making everyday.

QUESTION ID: 6FHULRREB7QQ6HZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How should I introduce Golf to my child?
QUESTION CONTENT: What age is recommended? What basics should I introduce first? Any specific books/videos you recommend? What kind of drills are most useful when teaching a young one?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79468
In introducing a child to golf, or any game for that matter, don t worry about drills or any big formal training. Just take them out and let them try, teaching them just the basics they would need to know -- which for golf would be basically that they swing the club and hit the ball.You can start them as young as they start to show an interest, and don t overlook those big plastic kids play toys. While not real golf clubs, they are a lot cheaper than the real thing and still enforce the basics of swinging the club.When you re ready to progress to real golf clubs, try just going to a driving range and using their clubs and don t overlook minature golf for working on putting skills. A real golf course with its vast size can be intimidating at first, but if the child has shown it can consistently hit the ball at the range, go for it.And if the child is still enjoying things at this point, it s probably time to finally consider bringing in training and drills and -- unless you are a scratch golfer and a teacher -- I would recommend bringing in a professional, who will be better suited to see where your child s game has problems and figure out the best way to work on them without having an adverse effect on the things they are doing right. Just remember, children s natural swings (be it golf, baseball or whatever) tend to be more closer to correct than what we start to do as adults, because after watching other people play and hearing all the talk on TV about how his pro does this or this is good and this is a problem, we try to make our swings match ... and often those things we re told are right for one person are wrong for us.The biggest key is not to try and force anything on the child. If you push too hard, they probably won t have fun and, if they don t have fun they won t stick with any activity. Look at Tiger Woods ... he played early on, but he also has talked about how much he enjoys doing it. You generally never hear top level athletes, or even just casual athletes, talk about they re playing the game because their parents pushed them into it, but because of how much they love and enjoy it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79469
one swing at a time. Be sure to make it fun, there are two rules to golf 1. make sure you have fun. 2. always see rule number 1.   this  advise comes from a golfing family, the one thing NOT to teach your child is to throw the club and beat the ground. remember FUN FUN FUN

QUESTION ID: 6FMDM4YZSUD5Z0K
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I help my mom deal with some issues regarding her adoption?
QUESTION CONTENT: My mom has known that she was adopted since she was five or so.  Her adopted mother told her the place that she was born and as time went on, my mom learned little details at different times such as both of her parents names, etc.  Last year, she got in touch with a search angel who found two individuals that she believes are her birth mother and birth father.  Her birth father has agreed to meet her sometime.  However, when the search angel called her mother, her mother advised to never call the number again.  I can understand that it must be difficult for her birth mother to face some issues almost 48 years later after giving her daughter up for adoption, but I believe that my mom has experienced some feelings of rejection regarding her mother s reaction.  Can someone offer some advice about helping my mom through this difficult discovery?  Thank you!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76080
My father was adopted. When I was 20, I accidentally ran into one of his birth cousins who was almost a replica of my father except darker skinned and a conversation about my father being adopted developed as I could not stop staring at this guy and I was trying to apologize. This broke the ice and we got into a very interesting converstation. He was a friend of a friend of mine... Anyway, one thing led to another and a year later he took me to visit my father s birth mother, strictly in secret. Our cousin had told her about me and whatever he had told her made her curious about me.She did not want to meet my father. She had given him up for adoption because she wanted him to have a better life than she could provide. It s a little differnt and maybe more complicated than your situation because at least you don t have to feel guilty about being able to sit with your secret grandmother for one cherished afternoon to learn of her family history and some stories that I will never forget.The main important thing to remember is it used to always be the norm for people not to know much about their birth mother or birth families. Women did not give up children hoping for them to come back and haunt their lives later like skeletons that were hidden away deep into the corner of the closet.In the past it was not uncommon for women to go away to other cities to have babies to give them up for adoption in the old days, so that their friends and neighbors might not know for sure. They had a better chance of finding a good husband, maybe even a chance to fake like they were still virgins.Consider if your mother s birth mother was raped. Having a baby by someone you are raped by has got to be a difficult thing. Facing a creation of rape could be something terribly traumatic. It s importaat to remember 46 years ago abortion was not legal even for rape victims.Either way about it, the way adoption used to be, once the birth parent gave up legal guardianship, they never really anticipating so many children trying to find their original parents. They gave the children away. It used to be that the only fear was the birth parents changing their minds and coming back to reclaim their children.My father s birth mother didn t want her family to know about what happened in her past. Some of the older family knew, but she also was sent away when she was discovered to be pregnant. Atthe time I met her, she said it was something she never wanted to discuss. She said her husband knew, but he really didnt know and none of her children knew.All in all, it s best to respect these wishes. Why turn lives upside down, possibly ruining families, only for a selfish motivation of meeting somebody who gave you up to be adopted a long time ago? They tried to do what was best. Maybe when your mother meets with that guy who is supposedly her birth father, maybe he can help shed more light for her about what happened 46 or 47 years ago.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30917
tell her 2 take it easy her parents might be out there n tell her it was God,s plan n we can not do anything about it just be with her n make her  feel happy n loved God bless her.

QUESTION ID: 6FU8T5XAJ8808XK
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does having more mothers in the workforce has changed the way many kids grow up?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78190
Well, for one thing they grow up without the guidance of a parent at home.  They grow up a lot sooner than kids used to when mothers stayed home, because they have to learn to take care of themselves sooner, and many have to raise their younger siblings for their parents.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78191
It s a 2 way street really.  Some kids become more rebelious because the mother is not at home to raise them.  In other cases kids appreciate and understand the sacrifices a mother will do to provide them with more material comfort.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78192
Starting with WW2, when more women than ever in the history of white colonized America worked outside their homes, the family dynamic has changed.I have posted the addys for the most interesting facts garnered about this subject that I can find but having grown up through the back lash of this change, I will relate some of my own experiences first.My father was in the Navy right after WW2 ended. Mom stayed at home. Right after he finished his stint, he had an accident and died. Mom had to work for the first time in her life. She had two young children. Her prospects for marrage were slim as women with children were seldom concidered for remarrage. She took what knowledge she had and started her own business. One of 6 sisters, she was the only one to do this. The rest had common jobs of women of those times, two nurses, a photographers assistant, a teacher and the rest were house wives.Trying to run a family and a business was difficult but my mother, Goddess bless her, is a brilliant woman. She worked at home in a business that was ruled by men. It took ten years before she was recognized by the main stream of her profession as being a real pro. By the 70 s she was allowed to teach where only men taught, by the 80 s her company was number one in the field. In 30 years she had risen to the top and technology smashed the dream in only a few years. Now, she does something else to stay busy, a business of course. Its in her blood.Having said all of that, here is the answer to your question. My mothers mother never said a word to her about being a working woman. She was never looked up to by her sisters or father for that matter. It wasn t right for her to work. She should have looked harder for a husband. ~soft chuckle~ I grew up with a mother who worked at home. When I was old enough, I worked with her. Had I not had that advantage in life, my life would be very different and I happen to like my life, illness and all.My friends whos mothers worked outside the home usually ended up in trouble. Latch key kids they were called. Always drinking and doing drugs or having relations. Most ended up as laborers and many in AA meetings much later. Today, a family must have a really strong money earner to have one parent (notice I didn t say it had to be the mother) stay home. Ours is a multi income society unfortunately. The days of plenty set by the 50 s has changed the face of the average family by taking away its closeness. Children of two working parent homes are often robbed of the nurturing that can happen when one or the other parent is there for them 24/7/365.

QUESTION ID: 6FX3COK777I0MXJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i get  ready for my SAT math exam in a month  despite the fact that i am very weak at math ?
QUESTION CONTENT: i need help , i was  very weak in high school at it[ math]i need some sort of super formular, am ready to work hard as long as  someone gives me some sort of guideline.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74080
Practice and hard work will make a big difference.  So will having a good tutor.If you re very weak in math, you ll want to focus on the basics.  Get a 6th-8th grade math workbook, and make sure you ve mastered the material.  Multiplication, division, order of operations, fractions, decimals, etc.  The biggest reason students have trouble with math in high school is that they haven t mastered the basics.  Do hundreds of problems in the workbook.  If that s difficult, then it s a clear sign you need to keep doing more problems.  If you finish the workbook, and you re not getting over 90% correct, get another workbook.  If you need help with any type of problem, ask for help.  If this is important to you, you should spend at least 12 hours per day during your winter break on studying.  (How s that for a guideline?)If you ve mastered the material up to 8th grade math, get the book of sample SATs and the SAT math workbook, both produced by the College Board.  You can find both at your bookstore, or atAmazon.Take a full exam to identify all the problems you don t know how to do, so you can focus your efforts.Try to learn how to do each type of problem that you miss.  If you can t figure it out on your own, ask someone for help.  Consider getting a tutor.  You want to be prepared to solve not only the given problem, but any variations on it.  So if you were to get the same problem, but with a different set of numbers, you should be able to solve it.Then go to the SAT math workbook, and study the material that you re weakest in.  Do the problems at the end of each chapter.  If you run out of problems, Barron s, Kaplan, and Princeton Review all produce decent SAT review books.Every week, take another exam to monitor your progress and identify the problem areas.  You should see a steady progress in your score if you work hard at it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22790
GO TO BARNES AND NOBLES PR A BOOK STORE AND THEY HAVE BOOKS TO HELP YOU STUDY SPECIFICALLY ON MATH ORLOOK UP TAMING THE SAT ONLINE THEY HAVE A WHOLE DAY OF JUST MATH...

QUESTION ID: 6GU6H8T0KQOMJKY
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I define my abs?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have no access to a gym and I don t have money to buy those build abs in 10secs deals.I ve tried running, but I just can stick to it.Does anyone have anything other than the normal crunches and bicycle answer??And Bonham.Hahahaaaa.I found that humorous.I m also in highschool, without a license, so if it s possible to do it without going to a gym, that would be fabulous.=]
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4964
Curl ups&crunches.Give running another try.Here are some good ideas:1. Do something that gets your heart rate up a bit like, walking, running, biking, and swimming.2. Eat Whole, Organic foods like: Broccoli, Cabbage, Organic Brown Rice, Beans, Spinach, Sweet Potato, Apples, and other fruits and vegetables in their Natural State.3. Avoid eating corn, white bread, white rice, white potatoes, candy, sodas, chips, and anything else that you already know you shouldn???t be eating.4. Drink clean water as your beverage of choice. Avoid Fruit drinks and fruit juices (unless YOU juice them yourself)5. Stop smoking, drinking beer&wine, and drinking coffee.6. Get 8 hours of sleep each night.7. Hang out with people who want to be healthy.8. Avoid anything with High Fructose Corn Syrup.9. Look into taking a multi-vitamin.Tone up the muscles:1. Join a gym and get a trainer.2. If you???re short on cash, start a light stretching&yoga regimen.3. Do push-ups, and light dumbbell curls for the upper body.4. As I said above, walk, run, swim, and or bike5. Take an aerobics class, a yoga class, or some other fitness class.6. Join the local YMCA.7. Buy or borrow this book by Bill Pearl called GETTING STRONGER.In the book, he describes everything you need for a great fitness plan.8. Crunches&Curl ups for the abs.Mental Health:1. Get a friend to talk to each day about your feelings.2. If you have some money or insurance, get a counselor to talk to.3. Learn how to meditate.4. Join a support group for the issue you???re dealing with.5. Ask your Higher Self (or God) for guidance.6. Start keeping a diary or journal about your feelings&thoughts.7. Write a ???gratitude??? list every night.8. Do something that makes you happy each day like: listen to your favorite music, draw, paint, write, or anything creative.9. Do something for someone else who needs help.10. If the above suggestions don t improve your mental health, talk with your therapist about the possibility of taking some medication.11. Check out the book FEELING GOOD by David Burns.Take care of yourselfYam King
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63898
This is how they are defined...abdominal musclenounthe muscles of the abdomen [syn: abdominal]

QUESTION ID: 6JDKAIFEYM08248
QUESTION SUBJECT: Explain two reasons why the Maginot Line did not work.?
QUESTION CONTENT: two reasons plz...Maginot Line is constructed by French, but it didn t work.The Germans simply advanced through Belgium.but I am not sure about the reasons..Help :[]
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6308
The Maginot Line wasn t really tested; in going around it, the Germans came up behind it---and the Maginot Line wasn t constructed to fight an enemy coming up from behind.  See, the Ardennes, that heavily forested area covering part of France and Belgium, was considered by military theorists of the day to be impassable to tanks, and thus the French did not extend the Maginot Line to that area.  Left unfortified, the area was open for penetration, but the Germans had to invade Belgium to do so.  The invasion commenced, and the armor had no trouble making it through the Ardennes.A second reason why the Maginot Line didn t work is psychological.  In putting so much trust into its invulnerability , the French neglected attention to other areas of their army that needed equipping badly.  When the Germans went around the Maginot Line and burst into France, the French found themselves quite lacking in necessary armaments, particularly tanks and planes.  Every available resource had been put into the development of the Maginot Line, to the exclusion of other important armaments.In having only one gamble in their hand, the French lost it all when that one gamble--the Maginot Line--proved inadequate.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66359
Who said the Maginot Line was expected to work?  It was a bloated public works project that put thousands of men and hundreds of sub-contractors to work for several years thus crafting two illusions, One, that France was prosperous and not affected by the world wide depression, and, Two, the France was now safe from an attack by Germany.As noted Germany went around the Maginot line, D uh, and so the French were able to bow out of World War Two gracefully, saying, Oops, we surrender. France collapsed in 1940.  The Magninot Line was a handy excuse - - - oh well, we put to much reliance on static defences, blame the government, by the way, we surrender. Yes the Maginot line was flawed.  Static Defences only work when they are closely interlinked and maintained and no the Maginot Line was not.  It was poorly planned, many of the Fortresses did not protect other Fortresses, and many of them were shiddilly conructed and lacked machine guns and similar close support weapons.  Here is a quick answer if you need it...A)  Poorly designed, easilly isolated, soldiers inside the forts of the line were unable to support one another during attacks.B)  The Maginot Line was easilly bypassed not only via Belgium, but at other points as well.and for a bonus //     The Maginot Line lacked up to date air defences.But the main reason for France failure at the start of World War Two was political strife economic malaise and chaos inside the French Military, that is what did them in, the Maginot Line can be held blameless....Peace................ ---  O o o oooo iii uuuiooo oppp ihhh
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66360
I have read the excellent answers and would only insist on this point. The line maginot was not completely closed. It is as if you construct a defense wall and you leave an hole in it. It had no sense. But, I  must emphasize that the soldiers who were blocked in the bunkers of maginot line did only surrender after the armistice that petain signed. The German could not take, the maginot line. But really it was stupid
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66361
Two reasons: it was easily outflanked, as you ve mentioned.  The German s simply went through the Ardennes and Belgium to by pass it.It was a static defense and by definition, was no flexible enough to meet changing war conditions, such as flank attacks.  It also gave the French High Command a false sense of security.

QUESTION ID: 6JPIMNKC80KVYEH
QUESTION SUBJECT: When a person has melanoma (skin cancer) and the operation is done. How do they know if they are dying?
QUESTION CONTENT: Mine was a Clark Level III. and on my ear.I mean, I hear people say well they did the operation for the melanoma and said it was all gone. Then a year later, he was not feeling well and he was dead in 10 days How long is it from not feeling so well to death? Can a person feel ok a week before death?Mine was a year ago. They look at me every 3 months. Now in 6 months. I mean, how do they know what s going on inside? They said I was borderline needing a sentinel lymph node biopsy, but they have found it does not extend life to know the results. I am confused.I mean can they feel well even if the cancer has been spreadingThis is malignant.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87219
I m sorry you had melanoma ... it s a TERRIBLE disease.  I know because I ve had malignant melanoma (much worse than just melanoma) twice ... both primary cancers.  I look like someone tried to burn my head off from behind from the scarring, and that scar goes from armpit to armpit because they took the lymph nodes on both sides and amputated six muscles at the back of my neck.  Doctors should do tests ... both on the live patient and on the excised cancer to tell if the person is terminal ... but they don t ALWAYS know.  I was told I was terminal with only three months to live, after my first surgery on my neck ... I was only 21 years old at the time.  I looked at that doctor and told him that I would dance on his grave and that he would be very old when he died.  When I had the second cancer 19 years later, the doctor asked ME how long I wanted to live ... he knew I was the oldest living patient to have what was by that time the routine surgery ... I told him I planned to live to be at least 150, and then I told him he d have to do the surgery in the outpatient clinic, and not put me into the hospital for a month or more ... which he did.  Your level III cancer was BAD, but the surgery should have removed all of it.  You ll need to see a doctor at least once every six months for the next five years or longer ... but YOU CAN LIVE A LONG LIFE.  Don t give in and think that the cancer is going to kill you ... fantasize the cancer cells in your body as being weak and sickly, and the immune system cells as being HUGE SOLDIERS who can wipe them out.  I dressed my immune soldiers like Roman Guards from Jesus s time, but you can dress yours the way you want to ... but do this fantasy at least four times every day ... it takes less than five minutes, but those five minutes are IMPORTANT to you in many different ways.  This kind of fantasy is a type of meditation and time has showed that this meditation/fantasy can make a HUGE DIFFERENCE in your survivability rate. Second, don t eat the healthy food that everyone says is best ... learn to listen to your body and eat what it wants ... which may be chocolate, or fried oysters, broccoli, cherries, or fresh applesauce.  When you have cancer, your body needs different things ... vitamins, minerals, antioxidants ... and the food you ll crave will have those things in the amounts you ll need.  I ve been cancer free for over 19 years since the second cancer, and I STILL listen to my body and eat ONLY WHAT SOUNDS GOOD, and not what others tell me is good for me.  I used to LOVE broccoli best, now I can t even bear to see it on my plate ...but my husband loves it, so we buy broccoli and cauliflower and he separates the two onto our plates.  Third ... PAMPER YOURSELF.  Tell the people who live with you that you NEED THIS to be able to survive, just as you need the meditation and the cravings answered instead of normal nutrition .  Take a long hot bath, get books you like to read and read them daily ... go for long walks in the woods, or sit by the stream and watch the water go by.  This is to help your body to KNOW EVERYTHING WILL BE OKAY ... if you go on a strict cancer fighting diet and have lots to do every day with no time for YOURSELF, you ll get sicker ... so grab a chocolate bar or a can of smoked oysters, and grab a good book and go sit out in the shade in a comfy chair ... and tell everyone that you are fighting your cancer in a way that will help you LIVE to a ripe old age ... say 220 years?  I ve had to up mine ... there s still so much to learn and do, and I m just a little girl yet ... at 56!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44754
Kris L gave you an excellent answer.Back to your original questions. Did you have good medical insurance at the time the melanoma was removed? If not, this was one reason the reason the sentinel node biopsy probably was not done. Another reason would be that the node biopsy would be disfiguring and that never makes for a happy young person.While the survival statistics for a large group of people may be no different, you are not a large group of people - just one person. The only percentage that is important to you is the single percent made up by your being. Do not get fixated on prognosis statistics. The results from a sentinel node biopsy would have been handy for your Dr s info because if a node was affected you could have begun high dose interferon or began looking into experimental therapies. As it is your first sign of a recurrence will either be another melanoma or suddenly getting very ill. Being in this position truly sucks but then again many aspects of having cancer truly suck. At this point in time about the best thing you can do is follow Kris s advice and live your life to the fullest. This does not mean partying but living your life with in the most meaningful and satisfying manner - your ideal life. It is too late to worry about the what ifs of whether you should have had the sentinel node biopsy or what might happen a year down the road. Instead see your oncologist and dermatologist every three months for regular check ups and then the rest of the time get on with your life and live your life to the max.  good luck and all the best
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44768
That s sad.  Sorry to hear that.  Your doctor should check you periodically and retest you again.  You have to ask your doctor.

QUESTION ID: 6M0VA1XFNAFPRV5
QUESTION SUBJECT: why men go to war?
QUESTION CONTENT:  men here is generic... (not only males go to war)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16458
The short answer for it is Ignorance. Ignorant that other people has their right to have an opinion. Ignorant that no matter how strong or how powerful or how wise you are, you have no right to govern what other people think or do.And if people stop being ignorant and learn to listen, no one can make them go to war.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21656
Depends on the reason if your French you go for chocolate as in Ivory Coast debacle earlier this year. War is an extension of politics.  The question you might as well ask is why do people get into bar fights?  Usually it boils down to someone has either done something wrong or perceived as haddone something wrong.Germany went to war to regain territory that was lost due to WWI.  Thanks to the treaty the were forced to sign it put them into a vaccum.  Since nature abores a vaccum you get the rise of a monsterous dictator.  Then there are times that countries are attacked for no decernable reason.  Like the US had been since 1979 and the Iranian Hostage Crisis.  All through the 1990 s when the US had the USS Cole attacked with several embasys attacked by Islamist Radicals, culminating with 9/11.Or Israel s Yom Kippor War in 1967 when all the Muslim nations that surrounded them attacked.Sometimes pure unadulterated hatred.  Those who would rather blow themselves up to kill innocent people.  You can see this also with aid workers in Iraq that are captured an executed.Then there are leaders that just want territory. Napolean comes to mind.  Alexander the great also.Sometimes there is nothing else that can be done.  It was the only way to stop Hitler from killing innocent Jews.Then there are time people go to war to protect there homes.  Most Historians agree that the Civil War had little or nothing to do with slavery.  (It wasn t until Lincoln signed the Emansipation Proclamation in 1863 that thought even was feasible)  Take General Lee for instance, once Virgina seceded he said that he would follow his home.

QUESTION ID: 6OXTK5WLYTBVR6E
QUESTION SUBJECT: How were the Black codes in conflict with the Constitution? [Please give reference to Amendment numbers]?
QUESTION CONTENT: Any help will be appreciated, but please only reply if you know what you re talking about.Obviously, the codes completely ignored the social justice and all men are created equal parts, but I don t know what Amendments to refer to.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2481
Marcus s answer contains a major clue -- it is the 14th amendment that opposes the black codes .  But these codes did NOT ignore it.  Quite the opposite -- the codes came FIRST; and the 14th amendment, which guaranteed CITIZENSHIP and all its rights to blacks,  was specifically passed to COUNTER the slave codes, along with the remnants of the Dred Scott decision (which had begun by declaring that NO black could be a  citizen of the United States, and no attendant federal rights, e.g., the right to sue in federal court.)(A bit more detail -- the 13th amendment, which legally ended  SLAVERY, was in the process of ratification when the war ended and Lincoln was assassinated.  One of the requirements Andrew Johnson held to for Southern states wanted to be readmitted to full rights as states was that they pass the 13th amendment.   But he made it clear that these states could restrict black RIGHTS in almost any way they wished.  This encouraged them to pass the onerous black codes in the last half of 1865, even before the 13th amendment was passed.   Congressional Republicans --NOT just Radicals but moderates and even conservative -- reacted to Johnson s with new legislation to try to PROTECT the rights of blacks... finally including the 14th amendment.  They later added the 15th [the right to vote], which did not specifically address the black codes, but provided a means [the vote]for blacks to protect their OWN rights.)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10871
Northern reaction to the codes helped to produce Radical Reconstruction and the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments, which temporarily removed such legislation from the books. Following Reconstruction, many of the provisions of the black codes were reenacted in the Jim Crow laws that continued in effect until the Civil Rights Act of 1964.

QUESTION ID: 6PD0NEGVWZLSSAW
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why did you get breast cancer when eating healthy?
QUESTION CONTENT: Okay, those that have/had breast cancer, which of the 18 risks shown here - http://www.newstarget.com/022157.html - did you expose yourself to?  Please elaborate on amount and frequency.  I m looking for causes to breast cancer in particular.  Or, if you have another good reason why you think you may have gotten it, please share.  Also, how did you find out you had the cancer and how did you try to treat it?Thanks for the add l details lola.  I guess that s why we don t want biopsies!  They only aggravate the tissues in the tumor and expose them to air.  I ve also heard the biopsies cause the cancer to grow at an even faster rate!Panda - please read up on T. Colin Campbell s work in the site/book The Cancer Study. It is about behaviors in over 100 villages in China where children develop cancer and disease because of their environment and what they ingest. There s no arguing with Campell s work.  Please read up on cause and effect and I hope you ll join the alternative movement.  I can see at least 3 of the reasons that ancient people could of committed in the list of 18, and that s beside the most important one - diet!Thank you for the responses.  I cannot believe the number of women saying they have bc and eat this well!  What is up with that?  I m convinced there has to be a CAUSE!  According to Dr. Campbell s findings anyway.  There has to be a reason a third of the women and half the men in the US get cancer when it s much less in other areas of the world!Everyone - please see my post in the what causes breast cancer thread.  I quote Guyton and Hall s medical text which my wife just happens to have.  The third factor that causes cancer is food: 3. Physical irritants also can lead to cancer, such as continued abrasion of the linings of the intestinal tract by some types of food. The damage to the tissues leads to rapid mitotic replacement of the cells. The more rapid the mitosis, the greater the chance for mutation. It s now undeniable.  We know 5 things from THE source that cause cancer.  Irradiation (x-rays, etc.), chemical exposure, food, hereditary, and viruses.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1599
Please read the History of Cancer. The first reports of breast cancer occured in 1600 BC and have been found in human mummified remains. Which of the 18 risks shown caused ancient human beings to have cancer?The History of Cancerhttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/CRI/content/CRI_2_6x_the_history_of_cancer_72.asp Cancer has afflicted humans throughout recorded history. It is no surprise that from the dawn of history doctors have written about cancer. Some of the earliest evidence of cancer is found among fossilized bone tumors, human mummies in ancient Egypt, and ancient manuscripts. Bone remains of mummies have revealed growths suggestive of the bone cancer, osteosarcoma. In other cases, bony skull destruction as seen in cancer of the head and neck has been found.Our oldest description of cancer (although the term cancer was not used) was discovered in Egypt and dates back to approximately 1600 B.C. The Edwin Smith Papyrus, or writing, describes 8 cases of tumors or ulcers of the breast that were treated by cauterization, with a tool called the fire drill. The writing says about the disease, There is no treatment. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51146
Hon I have never had breast cancer. but we all have cancer cells in our body s. Some just become active where other stay dormant. I really don t know what makes them active. i have a daughter with cancer right now. she had it before, and got it back again when she had surgery for a hernia. i think if it is active and the air hits it it spreads faster. I asked my doctor if there was any Truth to the theory and she said it was true. I am not familiar with a lot of cancers but, like I said before we need to rely on the Good Lord for healing. All their prayers we can get. I am so thankful for all the prayers for my daughter. If you need prayers. Let me know I will be glad to pray for anyone that needs them. i know the Lord answers our prayers. God Bless.

QUESTION ID: 6PIZPDT0LU0STDG
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does pregnancy reduce risk of cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: I thought breast cancer is estrogen related- meaning the more one is exposed to estrogen the more one will get cancer...estrogen is INCREASED in pregnancy so how does pregnancy reduce risk of cancer?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85022
Yes. According to American Cancer Society some factors associated with pregnancy can reduced the chance or risk of getting Cancer in Pregnant women in later part of their life. They are:- The younger a woman has her first child, the lower her risk of developing breast cancer during her lifetime. - A woman who has her first child after the age of 35 has approximately twice the risk of developing breast cancer as a woman who has a child before age 20. - A woman who has her first child around age 30 has approximately the same lifetime risk of developing breast cancer as a woman who has never given birth. - Having more than one child decreases a woman???s chances of developing breast cancer. In particular, having more than one child at a younger age decreases a woman???s chances of developing breast cancer during her lifetime. - Although not fully understood, research suggests that pre-eclampsia, a pathologic condition that sometimes develops during pregnancy, is associated with a decrease in breast cancer risk in the offspring, and there issome evidence of a protective effect for the mother. - After pregnancy, breastfeeding for a long period of time (for example, a year or longer) further reduces breast cancer risk by a small amount.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37359
By breast feeding!

QUESTION ID: 6QL0G1DI6SDT74R
QUESTION SUBJECT: why does a bicycle not fall when its moving and fall to the side when its stationary?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72820
Though I like most answers to this question, posted here, and also enjoy this source http://howthingswork.virginia.edu/print.php?title=Bicycles&startdate=0&enddate=99999999&topic=bicycles, I would actually answer this question with Newton s Three Laws of Motion (http://csep10.phys.utk.edu/astr161/lect/history/newton3laws.html), especially the Second Law of Motion: F = ma.In this case, a few forces come into play: gravitational force, gyroscopic precessional force, as well as the force applied by the rider of the bike, to name a few.  If the net force (F) is non-zero, the bike s center of gravity would move with an acceleration (a.)When a bike is stationary, there is only gravitational force.  If the bike s center of gravity goes off its base of support, the bike would move toward the ground in that off direction.  Now if someone would apply a force whose vertical component cancels or is greater than the gravitational force, then the bike would not drop to the ground, for the same reason: no F, no a.When a bike is moving, the forces generated by the gyroscopic precession and the steering of the rider would cancel out the gravitational force, keeping the bike moving and not falling to the ground.  At aslower speed (hence a smaller gyroscopic precession force) or with a novice rider (not knowing how to steer the wheel) or a combination of both, these forces would be less than the gravitational force, and the bike would still fall.  Any kid learning how to ride a bike would tell you that :-).  Similarly if we push a bike forward, it would eventually fall, once the gravitational force would dominate and a (acceleration to the ground) would be greater than 0.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21548
 A rider stays upright on a bicycle by steering the bicycle so that the point where the wheels touch the ground stays underneath the center of gravity. Once underway, this effort is largely replaced by physical forces generated by the rotation of the wheels which produce a remarkable self-steering effect. 

QUESTION ID: 6QOZ8XVODUZH04B
QUESTION SUBJECT: When buying golf clubs for the first time, how many clubs should I have and what are necessities?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m thinking about taking up the sport. I know that I need a putter, but there are woods and irons, etc.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74370
PartyCrasher:These answers are well thought out. But I would recommend a bit different set makeup for you. Irons: 5-Sand Wedge (56 degree SW).Make sure to get a cavity backed set, something with offset. If you tell the people at the golf store that you re looking for a forgiving set of irons that s cavity backed and offset, they ll be able to help you. Woods and hybrids:Get an 18 degree 5 wood, a 21 degree 7 wood, and two hybrid clubs (these are a cross between a wood and iron) Hybrids: 22 and 25 degree. These are much easier to hit and much more forgiving than long irons. They will make the game easier for you starting out. Get at least a 13 degree driver, with as big a head as possible, to make it easier to hit. Make sure you get it from a major manufacturer, the off brands may look the same, but their quality control is terrble. Any 34 or 35 inch putter that looks good to you, one that looks like a Ping Anser is a good choice. Almost all the major manufacturers have a design that copies the original Ping putter. This leaves you with thirteen clubs. You can add one more later because the limit is 14, but I would start with this and see how it goes. This set will not be cheap, you will probably spend over 1000.00 easily. You might want to see what irons and woods you like at the golf store and then check ebay and see if you can get them used. Just make sure they re not too beat up!! The January 2006 issue of Golf Magazine has an article that I referenced for this recommendation, pick it up and use it as a guide to begin your club purchases! Have fun!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23098
Get a putter...3-5-7-9 irons. Metal driver about 11 degree loft to start. Call Craig Frank at Cottonwood  Golf Course in San Diego and he can take you alot further. He is a friend and a a PGA teaching pro. Really knows his stuff.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23099
3 to 9 iron, pitching wedge, Sand wedge, putter, driver, 3 wood, 5 wood, lob wedge. cavity backs are more forgiving, dont get blades unless ur a very good player 0 to 5 handicap.

QUESTION ID: 6RBB2Q2NP57W37M
QUESTION SUBJECT: andrew carnagie . how did the industrial revolution affect him?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3262
Andrew Carnegie both affected and was affected by the Industrial Revolution. This was because of the way the steel and railroad industries complimented each other, and his involvement with them both.He immigrated to America when he was very young, spending the last of his money on the boat trip over. So he was quite poor, but he was very intelligent. He was a telegraph messenger for the Ohio Telegraph Company, and was able to decode telegraphs just by listening to the different tones. He was later hired by the Pennsylvania Railroad Company as a telegraph operator, and he quickly rose throught the ranks of the company. He then began to carefully invest his hard-earned money.Trains were the vehicle that drove America into the Industrial Revolution, carrying food, ore, and migrants from the east coast to the west, and back again. And they relied on the steel companies to provide them with their rails. Andrew Carnegie entered the steel industry  at a good time; steel demand was higher than ever, and his innovative thinking helped him to mass-produce steel for the railroad companies like nobody had ever done. The steel and railroad companies reliance on each other caused them to eventually merge into a superforce in industrial America, a true monopoly.Andrew Carnegie was the head of that monopoly, and that s how he became the wealthiest (self-made) man in America at that time. The Industrial Revolution gave him and his business the push needed for him to reach a position where he could control the two dominant businesses in the country, thus affecting the the Industrial Revolution as well.-Joe
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61185
The industrial revolution worked to Carnegie s advantage. Through the new methods of mass production, policies, and technology, Carnegie elevated himself to become a billionaire. He did this by exploiting his workers with cheap labor and by putting other competitions out of work to create a monopoly. He was one of the richest man in the world at the time as a result of the industrial revolution. Carnegie gave away much of his wealth before he died since he believed that you had the right to be rich, it is your job not to be poor or something along the lines of that.hope that helps

QUESTION ID: 6SUDGRJWUVYQZZM
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is my hair falling out?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 23933
Causes of Excessive Hair LossThe rate of hair shedding in androgenic alopecia is speeded up by three forces: advancing age, an inherited tendency to bald early, and an over-abundance of the male hormone dihydrotestosterone (DHT) within the hair follicle. DHT is a highly active form of testosterone, which influences many aspects of manly behavior, from sex drive to aggression. The conversion from testosterone to DHT is driven by an enzyme called 5-alpha reductase, which is produced in the prostate, various adrenal glands, and the scalp. Over time, the action of DHT causes the hair follicle to degrade and shortens the anagen phase. Thought the follicle is technically still alive and connected to a good blood supply--it can successfully nurture a transplanted follicle which is immune to the effects of DHT--it will grow smaller and smaller (figure 3). Some follicles will gradually die, but most will simply shrink to the size they were when you were born which produce weaker hairs. With a steadily shorter anagen growing cycle, more hairs are shed, the hairs becoming thinner and thinner until they are too fine to survive daily wear and tear. Balding hair gradually changes from long, thick, coarse, pigmented hair into fine, unpigmented vellus sprouts. However, the sebaceous gland attached to it remains the same size. As the hair shafts become smaller, the gland continues to pump out about the same amount of oil. So as your hair thins, you will notice that your hair becomes flatter and oilier. But the hormonal link in balding is complex. Eunuchs, who produce no testosterone, never go bald -- even if carrying a baldness gene. However, if castrated men with a family history of baldness are given testosterone, they lose hair in the classic horseshoe-shaped pattern. Studies show that while balding men don t have higher than average circulating testosterone levels, they do possess above-average amounts of a powerful testosterone derivative, dihydrotestosterone in the scalp follicles. In male balding, genetically primed follicles convert circulating testosterone to dihydrotestosterone, which successively diminishes or miniaturizes follicle size, producing ever weaker hairs. With a steadily shorter anagen growing cycle, more hairs are shed, the hairs becoming thinner and thinner until they are too fine to survive daily wear and tear. Balding hair gradually changes from long, thick, coarse, pigmented hair into fine, depigmented vellus sprouts. Other physiological factors might cause hair loss. Recently, a group of Japanese researcher reported a correlation between excessive sebum in the scalp and hair loss. Excessive sebum often accompanying thinning hair is attributed to an enlargement of the sebaceous gland. They believed excessive sebum causes an high level of 5-alpha reductase and pore clogging, thus malnutrition of the hair root. Although this condition could be hereditary, they believe diet is a more prominent cause. The researchers note that Japanese hair was thick and healthy, with a small gland and little scalp oil, until the occidental habit of consuming animal fat crept into their diet after World War II. This change has led to a significant height increase in the Japanese population, but it has also resulted in more Japanese men losing hair. To someextent, their observation makes sense since problems with greasy hair have often been noted as much as six months to a year prior to when thinning hair becomes noticeable, but this might be just one of the symptoms, not underlying cause, more research is needed. Most doctors agree that if you have a oily scalp with thinning hair, frequent shampooing is advised. shampooing can reduce surface sebum, which contains high levels of testosterone and DHT that may reenter the skin and affect the hair follicle.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75244
because ur stressed. u should see a doc u could be sick .. very sick.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75245
did you recently have a baby?  If so, it s normal.  You re hormaones during pregnancy causes your hair to grow at a fast rate then a couple months after the baby is born the hormones are gone and your hair falls out to catch up.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75246
have blood test you could have a over or under active thyroid.

QUESTION ID: 6V3FHLP53XNLMFA
QUESTION SUBJECT: About how long does it take to lose 20 pounds?
QUESTION CONTENT: I need to seriously lose some weight! I want to know about how long it will take me to lose 20 pounds..and also, what should I do to lose these 20 pounds without having to starve myself?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6137
It will take about the same period of time it took to put it on.  That is, if you want to keep it off for good.  Do not crash diet.  Won t work.  You ll put the weight back plus more just as soon as you start eating normally again.  Guaranteed.You need to change a lifestyle to a healthier one.  That would include daily exercise if it is only walking briskly for 15-20 minutes.  It would be more than you are currently doing.  Anything you do that is more than you are currently doing will burn extra calories.Keep something in mine:  Everything you put into your mouth has calories.  A calorie is a measure of energy.  It is fuel.Your body needs to burn fuel in order to function.  How much?  Well I ll tell you.  If you take in more fuel than your body can burn, it will store the fuel in the form of fat.  It does that as a protection against that day when it may not get enough fuel.  It will then pull the fat off the body and burn it so you won t starve to death.Ok, now. If you take in less fuel (calories), your body has no choice but to pull the fat from your body and burn it!  How about that!!!  Also, if you increase your exercise, your body needs to burn more fuel and if you don t take it in, it will pull from the fat to burn it instead.  Get it?So the key:  Take in less calories (fuel).  Limit your calories to 1500/day.  Learn to read labels.  Write down the calories of what you eat daily.  Learn portion sizes.  Eat no fat.  Fat does nothing for you but add to fat.  Your body does not need fat intake.  You will get enough in hidden fat in a course of your day.  Limit red meat.  It is chocked full of hidden fat.  Do not eat fried foods.  The oil is another fat and is counted the same as bacon fat or other animal fat.  Even french fries.  If it is cooked in fat or oil,(chips too) it will go to fat.Limit carbs to one each meal (it it s white its a carb.  Also breads of any color are carbs).  Eat tons and tons of veggies cooked or uncooked.  All green veggies are VERY good for you and have little to no calories. (You generally burn more calories chewing the veggie than the veggie has in it)  Eat tons and tons of skinless chicken or fish of any kind as long as it is baked or broiled (microwaved)....just not fried.  You can fill up on veggies and chicken/fish.  Fruit is good, but don t pig out.  They have lots of fruit sugars which make them high in calories.Limit fast foods (avg. burger,fries and drink can have 1/2 your day s supply of calories in them plus loads of fat)No pizzas, chips/dips, only diet sodas, use Splenda to sweeten your tea/coffee, etc.  You can cook with Splenda too.(I make fudge with Splenda....recipe on the bag).Limit all dairy products to low fat/no fat stuff.Learn to eat right, moderate exercise and you WILL loose weight the healthy way and keep it off!  If you want that piece of pie or cake, work it into your daily calorie intake, not added to your limit.Oh, beer and alcoholic bev. are loaded with calories.  If you want some, work them into your calorie count too.  You gotta sacrifice a meal in order to splurge....Remember that.Hope this helpsI am an RN
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6138
This all depends on how serious you take your challenge of loosing weight. It took a while to gain the weight and it will take a while to lose it. Here are some very good tups i learned and am using now:Eat meats like chicken and turkey breast.Never ever starve your self becouse that will only make you gain weight.Eat alot of meals but very small ones. If you do that you will get a high metabolism and thats a very good thing.Oh and very importantly DONT MATTER WHAT YOU EAT AS LONG AS YOU BURN IT OFF!!!!I would say 20 pounds a month and a half if your not very active. But if you realy try id say a month.Remember it took a while to gain the weight so it will take a while to lose it.

QUESTION ID: 6V3Q5RDQDD8TNSF
QUESTION SUBJECT: if  1-1/2 hens could lay 1-1/2 eggs in 1-1/2 days.... How many eggs could 2-1/2 hens lay in 2-1/2 days?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88285
1 hen can lay 1 egg in 1 1/2 days.2 1/2 hens can lay 2 1/2 eggs in 1 1/2 days.2 1/2 hens can lay 4 1/6 eggs in 2 1/2 days.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22173
Assuming that half hens and half eggs exist:If 1.5 hens lay 1.5 eggs in 1.5 days,1 hen, 1 egg, 1.5 days1 hen, (1*2) eggs, (1.5*2) daysthus 1 hen, 2 eggs, 3 daysUsing the same technique:If 1.5 hens lay 1.5 eggs in 1.5 days,2.5 hens, 2.5 eggs, 1.5 days2.5 hens, 2.5*(2.5/1.5) eggs, 1.5*(2.5/1.5) daysTherefore about 4.167 eggs, or 25/6 to be exact.

QUESTION ID: 6X3RKWJ2Q13MM38
QUESTION SUBJECT: Second opinion needed.  How do we go about getting one? Mom diagnosed with terminal cancer.?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have electronic copy of reports.  Doctors at current hospital refuse to treat her for fear that treatment will cause her already reduced functioning kidneys to fail.  They have recommended Hospice care.  Tumor is the size of a basketball.Any support/information regarding Hospice, second opinion, etc is greatly appreciated.They feel that surgery is not an option because they are not confident that they can control bleeding and fear that she will hemorrhage to death.additional info...*Yes, Mom wants to fight and she very much wants a second opinion.  *Cytology consult indicates a diagnosis of MISC, ABDOMEN, FNA (C07-448): MALIGNANT MELANOMA My mom is lucid.  She is in a lot of pain even with significant amounts of pain medication.  The tumor is the size of a basketball and still growing.  She is running out of space in her abdominal cavity.  She is extremely uncomfortable.  Her stomach is as large as someone carrying twins or triplets.  She has difficulty turning over in the bed because her stomach is so large.  The cancer seems to be contained by drawing blood from a large area inside.  The doctors said that the tumor is not a solid mass, but more like jello.  She is able to do very little without assistance.  She requires oxygen and she isn t eating.  She is on an IV.Mom is currently at UVa.  They are planning to discharge her tomorrow.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87375
First, what does your mother want to do? Does she want to fight this disease? If she does than go ahead with a second opinon. Usually the oncologist will cooperate.You need to ask for copies of all her medical records, including recent CT/PET scan from both the hospital and her oncologist. Explain that you want a second opinion. Usually this information can be placed on a CD and sent to another doctor for a review (so your Mom won t need to even go .The National Cancer Institute has about 60 or more designated comprehensive cancer centers in the United States. You can contact them seeking a second opinion:http://www.dol.gov/ebsa/faqs/faq_consumer_cobra.htmlSeond Opinon Institutionshttp://www.blochcancer.org/articles/xtrnew.aspYou do not say what type of cancer that your mother has or if the tumor has metastasized. Age and overall health may factor into why the doctors recommend hospice for her. Keep in mind that your mother can still receive palliative care when in hospice and if her overall health improves than the doctors might reconsider treatment.Stay strong and best wishes during this difficult period.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45384
Is your mom lucid at this point?  This is her decision.  If she wants a second opinion then go to a local family practitioner and ask for a referral to another doctor. If she wants an alternative practitioner because the local doctors have given up then call some chiropractors in your area for a referral to a good one there.  But when all is said and done, this is Mom s decision, not yours.  She needs to make these choices.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45385
It would help to know what type and stage cancer she has and what state she is located in. Also whether or not she has good health insurance.For example - if she lives in Texas and has lymphoma I d call the lymphoma clinic at MD Anderson and see about getting a second opinion at a top of the line hospital. If she was in Illinois, I d go to Northwestern, in California go to Stanford or City of Hope or UCLA.  Pick the largest major cancer center in her area and see about getting her a second opinion. This might mean a review of her current medical records or physically transferring her to the other hospital for further testing.Make sure and only get referrals to top level hospitals. You only want referrals for realistic treatment options and not just anywhere willing to do needless surgery. Sometimes the Drs are right about there being no other options. sorryThe National Institutes of Health is running clinical trials for metastatic melanoma and has had some very impressive results in small numbers of patients. The Dr running these successful trials is Dr Steven Rosenberg. Here is an article on the trials.http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/c/a/2006/09/01/MNGBLKTIDK1.DTLHere is a link for all of the NIH clinical trials for melanoma. Look into the the trials run by Dr Rosenberg. http://www.cancer.gov/search/ResultsClinicalTrials.aspx?protocolsearchid=3467801good luck to your mom hospice infohttp://www.hospicenet.org/html/preparing_for.htmlgood luck to you both
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55880
Did they do a biopsy? On the tumor?  That is the only way to diagnose it specifically. Find a surgeon willing to put her on dialysis while removing the tumor.

QUESTION ID: 6XI2ZCOLPWP1D45
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does it seem that most of the diets don t work on over weight people?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70502
I think that the main reason is that obese people should be treated as drug addict. The main problem is that both obese and drug addicts have habits that causing them to either eat or do drug. Both of them also have physical addiction that needed to be treated accordingly. Only after facing those two major factors it will be the time for diets.<br />Another major issue is that the society actually unknowingly supports obesity; let me give you an example- today in the US, an obese person can claim disability and get welfare. By that, the government actually encourages obesity. Why would someone even try to get better?<br />Authorities should condition those allowances: if you lose weight over a specified period you will continue getting it. If you did not lose weight you lose the allowance.<br />We should always keep in mind that obesity costs a lot more then just the allowance that the obese person gets. There is the health costs, taxes lost and so on.<br />I say- do what you can to leave healthy life, and don???t give up
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8389
A key cause of obesity is the low nutritional content of industrially processed foods--because the body doesn t receive enough nutrition it continues to crave more food. Few diets focus, as they should, on non-processed nutritionally dense food--instead, in many cases, the patient is actually eating even more processed food products, exacerbating rather than solving the problem.<br /><br />Bottom line, as we hear so often, obesity is largely caused by bad habits in terms of diet and exercise, and many people aren t willing to permanently let go of those habits, so it s hardly surprising when they fail to achieve the results they want.

QUESTION ID: 6Y4RFRM2GN7310Y
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did the Barber s Pole come to be?
QUESTION CONTENT: I was watching an old western, and when a dentist, slash, barber, rolled His wagon into town and took up shop, He painted one of the pillars on the front porch with the red and white stripes which We all know, signifies a barber shop. How did this come to be?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5170
It is very old. To quote - The barber pole It is the oldest distinguished mark of any profession or craft, dating back before the birth of Christ. History tells us that barber service was rendered to the public 6,000 years before. The art of hair and beard trimming (barbering), medicine (herbs), dentistry (tooth pulling) and surgery (blood letting) were all performed by the same operators in the early history; they were called BARBER SURGEONS. Due to the services that they rendered and especially to the royalty, the barber-surgeons were the most respected and protected men living. They held this respect for thousands of years.During their practice of surgery, which consisted only of blood letting or bleeding the disease, a white cloth was used. They would rinse this out leaving blood stains, hang it in the door-way of their business to dry: thus, the origin of our present day barber pole. As the years passed by the hundreds, this original badge has been changed to the present, attractive glass red and white emblem which represents professional grooming service. The doctors, the dentists and the surgeons have all branched from our original profession long since; however, the barber pole still remains the property of the artistic barbering profession. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64292
Originally the barber did more. They pulled teeth, did small operations and was more of a GP.The red and white pole represent the gauze (or cotton) and the blood.The blue was added to make it more American 

QUESTION ID: 710HBR1NS36MC23
QUESTION SUBJECT: how much salt(sodium) do you have to consume to get high blood pressure in your 40 s?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40543
High blood pressure is not only caused by sodium consumption. It can be caused by stress, too much caffeine etc.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85963
Well you must already have high blood pressure if salt intake increases it to higher than normal ranges.  There is way too much sodium in everything.  I think 2,000 mg is max for a healthy individual.  Just look and see how much sodium a HOTDOG has!!!  Or frozen dinners...it s horrid.  Sodium is not good and frankly it s thrown by the pound into everything to make it taste better .  Truth is it gives it flavour but when you stop and think of salt when you take a bite you will see just how much is really in there.  I can t eat ham for how salty it is...gross.Anyhow, they say if you lose 20 pounds you can drop your BP by 10 points or more.  The lower BP is the one that matters much more if it s high.  But if it s 140/80 then that is high and you should watch salt intake, increase exercise, lose weight...but if after you do all that it s still at this range chances are it s time for some meds.  You should be at 120/70...but good luck achieving that.The problem is that a high BP is doing damage to your veins and heart and in the long run it can cause a heart attack or stroke due to the damage.People can have 70 percent blockages in their veins and arteries and have no symptoms or signs until they have a heart attack.  A chunk of that stuff that breaks off can travel (as a clot) and cause a heart attack if it makes it s way to the heart.  That is why they put you on blood thinners too.If you are in your 30s you should start listening to your body, in your 40s you had better start taking preventative measures, in your 50s you likely do need meds and if you don t exercise you will have a rough time with the rest of your years.  Sad but true.

QUESTION ID: 710N1LQCH32TLY0
QUESTION SUBJECT: Please explain the apparent paradox of radiation; why does it both cause, and help to eradicate, cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 469
Hi Karma.  Some of the other answers make valid points, but I believe this is the information you are looking for.Radiation can CAUSE cancer by several mechanisms.  One of the mechanisms is the production of high levels of oxidative stress .  Oxidative stress can damage DNA, causing mutations than can contribute to the carcinogenesis process.Radiation TREATS cancer by the same mechanism - it causes oxidative stress.  Very high levels of oxidative stress in cancer cells (and healthy cells too, which is why the therapy is so toxic) induces biochemical pathways that lead to cell suicide - a process called Apoptosis.In summary, radiation can cause cancer by causing oxidative stress that damages DNA and leads to mutations.  Radiation can kill cancer cells by causing higher levels of oxidative stress that cause so much damage to the cell that the cell s suicide mechanism (apoptosis) is activated and the cancer cell kills itself.  Unfortunately, this often fails as a cancer treatment because many cancer cells have mutations in their apoptotic pathways!Hope this helps you understand this interesting paradox .  (P.S. You asked a very good question!  It shows you are a thinker !).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84893
Radiation causes damage to the DNA of a cell causing either deformed cell replication or the loss of the cell s ability to replicate at all.  In a high enough dose it kills tissue.Radiation given to cancer cells kills them.  The difference is that the radiation is controlled or focused specifically on the cancer.What people in the medical field don t commonly tell you is that radiation is cumulative in it s effects on the body.  This means that when you have an x-ray, the damage it does to your tissues does not go away - ever.  Every time you have an x-ray, it causes more damage on top of all the other ones you ve ever had before it.ALWAYS ask your physician if an x-ray is absolutely necessary for a diagnosis and if there is another means of diagnosing the symptom.NEVER let your dentist give you a full mouth x-ray every year just because your insurance pays for it.  You only need a full mouth x-ray every 3 years or if there is a problem that can t be taken care of any other way.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84894
Radiation can cause cancer on a long term basis. Tissue exposed to radiation often enough on a long term basis, increase chances of contracting cancer. A short small dose of radiation is not likely to increase your chances of cancer.If you already have cancer it can kill cancer cells because radiation kills fast dividing cell growth like cancer. People given radiation therapy are only exposed for a few weeks, at most month or two for therapeutic purposes.The radiation given to to cancer patients is small and short in duration. The radiation that is the most likely to cause cancer is a larger amount over a long period of time. The dose alone is the poison. Radiation is an example of this.

QUESTION ID: 71D3YULG32PMIDZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long is the average size of a protein?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77756
I asked this same question at the Wikipedia reference desk not long ago. See below for a summary of the answer. (It discusses both protein length- the number of amino acids and molecular weight):I am looking for a rule of thumb on the molecular weight of proteins. Any opinion of the average MW of proteins? Or the range of MW that most proteins fall in? I know this is an ill defined question, so don t bother telling me that..... ike9898 22:32, 3 January 2006 (UTC)A molecular mass of about 40,000 is fairly average. Proteins such as myoglobin and calmodulin are good examples of proteins that do not try to do a whole lot, but they show that a particular biological function can often be accomplished with a 15-20 kDa protein. Many proteins combine several functional domains and can easily be 40, 60, 80, 100 kDa. Many membrane proteins have multiple transmembrane domains plus a cytoplasmic and an extracellular domain. Transmembrane proteins in the range of 80-160 kDa are fairly common. Attempts have been made to identify all the proteins in various organisms. In Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae the average protein size is 388 amino acids (see). The recent article, Protein length in eukaryotic and prokaryotic proteomes says that among the Eukaryotic proteins analyzed the average protein was 361 amino acids long while in Bacteria the average was 267 amino acids. --JWSchmidt 00:05, 4 January 2006 (UTC) Thank you! Using another rule of thumb (number of amino acids times 110 = estimate of MW): 388 amino acids represents a MW of about 42.6 kDa 361    39.7 kDa 267    29.4 kDa
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69272
The average size of a protein is 40kd and the average size of an amino acid is 100 daltons.  The average protein has 400 amino acids, the number of peptide bonds linking 400 aminoa acids are 399.Each peptide bond (C-N) length is observed to be 1.33??.so 399x1.33 = 530.67??SO 530.67?? IS THE AVERAGE LENTH OF A PROTEIN

QUESTION ID: 71PQG5OMISJXDPT
QUESTION SUBJECT: before the invention of refrigeration how was food distributed to large cities?
QUESTION CONTENT: For example ancient Rome or early modern London.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14429
Meats were packed into wooden barrels Pork Barrel meats. There weren t any big stores only mom and pop groceries and, street vendors.       The meats and dairy products were brought home on a daily basis and, kept in an ice box until used.       When canning evolved in the mid to late 1800 s it started a new sensation for canning meats and, other vegetables for preserving for a later date. The civil war brought on some of these inventions like the refrigerated rail road car for shipping and, canned milk.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44531
No one had mentioned that food animals - cows and pigs particularly - were kept and raised and slaughtered in cities. This made them filthy places. London had a river, The Fleet, a tributary of the Thames. It became an open sewer with all the offal, animal blood etc that was thrown into it from the slaughterhouses along its bank. It was eventually covered over and became, effectively, a storm drain. Of course, spicing meat to hide bad taste due to it being off was very important. That is one of the main reasons why there was such a pressure to find sea routes to the East - the place from where spices came - which led to Columbus travelling west and finding America, rather than spices.

QUESTION ID: 72AOAQ5K7C871ET
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you teach a child to write a number 3?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have a 4 year old son and I am trying to get him ready to start school. I am trying to teach him how to write letters and numbers and he is having trouble with the number three. how do you explain how to write a 3?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12781
straight lines....and 0 s    0  -  0then i am sure he knows how to draw a circle...tell him to draw smiley faces by the lines or zeros that will help him with his numbers as well  What i am trying to say is to put a zero where the curl on the 3 is supposed to be and a line in the middle..then you get them to change from the 0 to a half 0 with a line in middle.... invest in a small chalkboard and chalk...it taught my child and my niece wonders!!  kids love that!  i cannot show the line and 0 theory well on here..try it on the chalkboard....i cannot put it altogether to look correct in this forum so i hope you can get the visual....if he needs help with learning how to draw a line........show him the difference between a line and a scribble....
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86081
I posted this for a previous question...these are little poems/chants that some teachers use when teaching number formation. The trick is to the use the same wording each time...not only when you model it, but as the child makes it...have the child say the chant to reinforce the concept.I will often write a number in a yellow or gray crayon or marker, and have the child draw over my example...just be sure to correct mistakes as they happen, so the child doesn t learn incorrectly...re-learning is harder than learning right the first time.Most of all...have patience, it ll come.Number 1is like a stickA straight line downthat s very quick!For number 2go right aroundThen make a lineacross the ground!Go right aroundWhat will it be?Go round againto make a 3!Down and overand down some moreThat s the wayto make a 4!Go down and aroundThen you stopFinish the 5with a line on top!Make a curveThen a loopThere are no tricksto making a 6!Across the skyand down from heavenThat s the wayto make a 7!Make a S And then don t waitClimb up againto make an 8!Make a loopAnd then a lineThat s the wayto make a 9!

QUESTION ID: 72MBK2Z12E1KCW0
QUESTION SUBJECT: Can u give reasons on why TV does NOT affect children in their studies and others?? Its benefits(no junk pls!)
QUESTION CONTENT: will give best answer to person with as many reasons and REPUTABLE SOURCES!(this is for a persuasive essay so pls help!!!!):D
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2424
1. Because of its ability to create powerful touchstones, TV enables young people to share cultural experiences with others. 2. Shared viewing gives family members of all ages an opportunity to spend time together. 3. Parents can use TV as a catalyst to get kids reading 4. Great television can teach kids important values and life lessons. 5. TV programs often explores controversial or sensitive issues, which can make it easier for parents and kids to discuss them. 6. Educational programming can develop young children s socialization and learning skills. 7. News, current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people. 8. Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world. 9. Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people. 10. From the 1966 Coleman Report, the landmark study of educational opportunity commissioned by the CivilRights Act of 1964, Gentzkow and Shapiro got 1965 test-score data for almost 300,000 kids. They looked for evidence that greater exposure to television lowered test scores. They found none...Nor did the kids differ significantly in the amount of homework they did, dropout rates, or the wages they eventually made. If anything, the data revealed a small positive uptick in test scores for kids who got to watch more television when they were young. 11.If living in a household where English is a 2nd language, watching TV can help kids learn English better
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24197
Educational TV can help.  Statistically though, all the evidence supports the opposite of what your re trying to prove.

QUESTION ID: 7347S1CUW1QIJSU
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can you find who exactly you are and exactly where you came from?
QUESTION CONTENT: i don t have have any living grandparents,and my mother died when i was in highschool. my father is great but he doesn t know family history.  i do remember some facts my great grand ma told me when i was younger, but what about the other sides.  i have an ancestry of so many different ethnicities and i want to learn more.  people make jokes and tease me all the time... my husband too- all in fun. but i want to know why i look like this, although i have adapted most to the african american side, i am much more. i want to know where blood lines were crossed and possibly find other relatives all over the world.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24307
Go to your local public library and check read one book on genealogy.Contact your local historical or genealogical society.Get documentation of EVERYTHING from primary records (e.g. official govt docs).At the Family Search link, download the free Personal Ancestral File computer program and keep your records in it.Have fun.  Meet lots of people.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24308
Don t get your hopes up on your African-American lines. You may be able to find some of your AA ancestors in the 1870 census, but they didn???t list slaves by name in the 1860 or 1850. Most of the genealogy on the internet is from and about Americans and Australians with European roots; they seem to be the most interested. Americans are always trying to find Indian blood, and many Australians are trying to find convicts transported for sheep stealing.We usually start with what we know and work back. Birth certificates, marriage certificates, death certificates, obituaries, SSN application, all may tell you who someone???s parents were. Death certificates are the least reliable; about a third of the ones I???ve sent away for have ???Unknown??? in the parent???s names.Your mother may be on the SSDI (Link 1). If she is, $27 will get you a copy of her application. ($29 if she isn???t there.) Click on ???SS-5??? to have them format a letter to you. There is a forum devoted to AA research (Link 2).I???ve written more than I want to copy here about beginning genealogy. How to start is a good first page. (Link 3).

QUESTION ID: 74CNVBTGACLWF1Q
QUESTION SUBJECT: how did life change after the great depression during the past?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75134
the administration s other response to the 1937 deepening of the Great Depression had more tangible results. Ignoring the vitriolic pleas of the Treasury Department and responding to the urgings of the converts to Keynesian economics and others in his administration, Roosevelt embarked on an antidote to the depression, reluctantly abandoning his efforts to balance the budget and launching a $5 billion spending program in the spring of 1938, an effort to increase mass purchasing power. The New Deal had in fact engaged in deficit spending since 1933, but it was apologetic about it, because a rise in the national debt was opposite of what the Democratic party had always preached. Now they had a theory to justify what they were doing. Roosevelt explained his program in a fireside chat in which he finally acknowledged that it was therefore up to the government to create an economic upturn by making additions to the purchasing power of the nation. Business-oriented observers explained the recession and recovery in very different terms from the Keynesians. They argued that the New Deal had been very hostile to business expansion in 1935-37, had encouraged massive strikes which had a negative impact on major industries such as automobiles, and had threatened massive anti-trust legal attacks on big corporations. All those threats diminished sharply after 1938. For example, the antitrust efforts fizzled out without major cases. The CIO and AFL unions started battling each other more than corporations, and tax policy became more favorable to long-term growth
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75135
The great depression killed the joy of the country: it killed Charleston, it stopped the roaring twenties , itexacerbated liquor trafficking, it forced people to become nomads. The government stepped in after a few years and put some control systems in the trading industry, plus it introduced the New Deal , pretty much the government grabbed money and generated jobs out of nothing to get the economy going. They created dams and buildings and bridges. There was a lot of work in construction. The whole generation took things very seriously and had to survive without extravagances. The depression fueled the growth of the movie industry. Movies and popcorn was something that people could affort. We didn t get into WWII until ten years after 1929.

QUESTION ID: 74CY2NFNY70J0YM
QUESTION SUBJECT: How are rainbows formed?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 26885
Its the refraction of light, through water droplets. Rainbows can only be seen when the sun is at your back or behind you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69305
Well first it has to rain for forty days and forty nights. Then if God is feeling remorseful he ll give you rainbows as his binding promise that the next time he destroys the world it won t be a Flood that takes you out.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78592
A rainbow is an optical and meteorological phenomenon that causes a nearly continuous spectrum of light to appear in the sky when the Sun shines onto falling rain. It takes the form of a multicoloured arc, with red on the outside and violet on the inside. The full sequence of colours is most commonly cited as red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet, although it is important to note that this is an inconsistent list: all primary and secondary colours are present in some form, but only one tertiary colour. It is commonly thought that indigo was included due to the different religious connotations of the numbers six and seven at the time of Isaac Newton s work on light, despite its lack of scientific significance and the poor ability of humans to distinguish colours in the blue portion of the visual spectrum.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78593
A rainbow is an optical and meteorological phenomenon that causes a nearly continuous spectrum of light to appear in the sky when the Sun shines onto falling rain. It is a multicoloured arc with red on the outside and violet on the inside. The full sequence of colours is most commonly cited as red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet, though it is important to note that this is an inconsistent list; all primary and secondary colours are present in some form, but only one tertiary colour. It is commonly thought that indigo was included due to the different religious connotations of the numbers six and seven at the time of Isaac Newton s work on light, despite its lack of scientific significance and the poor ability of humans to distinguish colours in the blue portion of the visual spectrum.The rainbow effect can be observed whenever there are water drops in the air and sunlight shining from behind the observer at a low altitude or angle. The most spectacular rainbow displays when half of the sky is still dark with draining clouds and the observer is at a spot with clear sky overhead. Another common place to see the rainbow effect is near waterfalls. Rainbow fringes can sometimes be seen at the edges of backlit clouds and as vertical bands in distant rain or virga. The effect can also be artificially created by dispersing water droplets into the air during a sunny day.

QUESTION ID: 74QLF5PBTFBKOGW
QUESTION SUBJECT: how is the better captain sourav or dravid?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 774
Equally good . Neither better nor waste .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11107
what?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68979
rahul dravid
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69648
sourav but wen he was the captain he never played gud so i think rahul should stay cuz hes guuuud too
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69842
dravid
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85923
Saurav Ganguly was the captain of Indian Cricklet team for number of years, whereas Dravid has taken over captaincy not long ago.  It will be unfair to compare Dravid and Ganguly on captaincy at this stage.  So far dravid has done a fairly good job as captain
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85924
With the World Cup around the corner and the top eight             teams gunning to lift the most coveted trophy in the West Indies,             there is good news for Indian skipper Rahul Dravid. Statistics show             that the Wall is India s most successful One-day captain among all             those who have captained India in at least 20 matches.             Under Dravid, India have won 32 of the 58 matches that have produced             results during his tenure. That s a success rate of 55%, just a             little higher than the 54% success rate that Sourav Ganguly,             Mohammad Azharuddin and Kapil Dev had. This may seem like a fine             point, but the statistics actually understate how much more             successful Dravid has been than his predecessors.             That s because, of the 62 One-day matches in which Dravid has             captained, only two have been played against a traditional minnow ???             Zimbabwe in 2005 ??? while the rest have all been against the top             teams in world cricket.             In contrast, Ganguly had 31 wins against the likes of Bangladesh,             Zimbabwe, Kenya, Namibia and Netherlands boosting his success rate             and Azhar had the benefit of 20 wins against the whipping boys of             international cricket.             Exclude matches against the minnows and Dravid s success rate drops             to 54%, but Ganguly s goes down to 43% and Azhar s to 49%.             Only Kapil Dev, witha 51% success rate against the better teams,             comes close to matching Dravid s record.             Kapil, in fact, has a better record leading away from home ???             excluding minnows ??? than even Dravid. On foreign soil, Kapil won 49%             of the matches he led in, whereas Dravid has won 10 out of 23             completed matches for a 43% success rate. That put s him in third             place behind Gavaskar, who had a 46% success rate with 11 wins in 24             matches.             Ganguly s record abroad (23%) is the worst among the six captains             who have led India at least in 20 matches each.             Azhar has the best record at home (excluding minnows) with a 65% win             rate, but Dravid is not far behind at 61%. On this list, Ganguly             finishes in fifth spot, ahead of Gavaskar, who could captain India             to only 14 wins in 35 completed matches. Understand this yourself..Add to Rahul s career his record as a player and i hope nobody will oppose me in this regard as Rahul is no doubt a better player than ganguly..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85925
dravid is understanding and responsible
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85926
dada sab se accha hain rahul is not good captin he is not experisned as dada dada is the most succesful captin of indian cricket team if he will be the captin i think india will mwon the wc and he is in form also
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86670
RAHUL IS NO MATCH TO SOURAV, WHO IS THE ALL TIME GREAREST CAPTAIN OF INDIA.REASONS.1. Leadership Quality: Sourav is a born Captain. Who took the charge of Indian team just completion of 4th year in International cricket. On the other Hand, Rahul was Deputy of Sourav as long as 6 years and got ample scope to learn a lot but still he is far behind.2. Cricket Sense: Cricket sense and intelligence of Sourav was far far better than Rahul. Sourav always tookthe decisions depending on his own prudence, but rahul is totally dependent of Chappel.3. Team Building: Sourav is the man who actually visulised and gave the shape of Team India . It is his brain child. But no new thinking has been injected during the tenure of Dravid.4. Courage: The whole world accepts that after introduction of Sourav as Captain the white coloured teams from Europe&Australia has not been able to continue to show their Mental dominance in the field. It is Sourav, specially his body language, injected the courage&fighting spirit in the Team India. Rahul ????5. Motivation: His used to motivated the player not only in the field, he took care of them at deressing Room, Hotel and even  at their home. It was cause the players like Yuvaraj, Harvajan. Shewag, Zaheer, Kaif and other were always ready to give their 100%+ for Team India . Now, in the regime of Rahul, it do not talk much even in the field the other matters is a distant dream .6. Result: He made us proud several times by winning matches, series&Cup.Test: 1. He is the first Captain who won a test in Pakistan as well as Series, what was the dream of our country since independence.2. His defeated the World beater Australia twice in a series and also won that series. He also humbled Australia at their won ground.3.West Indies&England could snatch the series from us at their home ground.4. 1st time win of series at ZimbabweODI1. Winning the series at Pakistan after long long 25 years.2. Mini world cup: No captain in the cricketing world could reach at Final for 2 (two) times. Yea, he made us proud in the year 2000&2002.3. Mini world cup: He is the only Captain of India who gave us Mini world Cup in the year 2002. Alas, Team under the leadership of Dravid could not reach at Semi-final of Mini world cup in the year 2006.4. World Cup: Sourav is the captain who took the Team India to the Final of WC 2003 .We were proud, thrillingand honoured reaching the final. It was the Bad luck of Dada the CUP could not be conquered.Finally, His top contribution to the Team India was to stop Provincialisim, favouritism and groupism. Please, judge the thing on the facts and merit not on emotion.Till today report card of Sourav and Rahul as captain :Sourav : 85 out 100Rahul  :  35 out of 100.Yes, Rahul has just got pass marks, but he has to go many miles to touch Sourav

QUESTION ID: 7AAP8M1Z4B8FQ4Y
QUESTION SUBJECT: The Cave By Plato- how is it an Allegory of Human existence?
QUESTION CONTENT: I get the whole idea but i just wanted others opinion...its such an interesting little story!Sooo- how is the Cave compared to Human existance
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60842
Is the idea that a shadow on a cave wall of a person caused by a campfire is an analogy for human existence/understanding?The shadow is an incomplete idea or sketch of a human being (vs a mirror which reveals a human being)?The shadow is like smoke - where there is smoke, there is likely fire?  Cause and effect?  Like cause (campfire) of an effect (smoke).It seems to me that Plato was trying to say that human existence was difficult to accurately explain so at best there was no photograph available, only a rough charcoal drawing so to speak, a shadow, or a Daguerreotype (photography).In my view, the cave is a look at human existence which is about 2,000 years old (philosophical, not scientific).  Today Plato would likely have answered the question quite differently vs then.Today, more modern and factual explanations are available from the medical field of neurology (science) vs the field of philosophy (non-science).  In my view, the allegory was ok for Plato but it is a false allegory today - year 2008.Those who get paid teaching philosophy courses will likely claim it s a great story (which it is) but in many ways today, it is not (since it is too imprecise and foggy).  It s like claiming a horse is a better method of transportation than a car.It s like claiming a cave lighted by a single wax candle is better than a cave lighted by many modern electrical lights.PlatoThe horseHenry Ford - The carPersonally, today, I have severe reservations about the value of teaching philosophy at all other than to hint at how some persons viewed life hundreds or thousands of years ago.Plato was like a person who claimed everything was made up of only earth, air, fire, and water vs the known fact of 92+ elements in the Periodic Chemistry Table.Sorry if my view offends some readers.Good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72449
Basically you have several men completely imobilized and unaware of eachother s existance such that the sum of their reality is the shadows they see being reflected off walls as various angles respective to each man. This is meant to illustrate how man interprets emperical data recieved by the senses and that no two men percieve things the exact same way. Basically the senses can lie and detract us from understanding true existance. The existance of man is that we cannot no what true existance is based on emperical observation alone. That humans must aspire towards abstract realms in order to evolve to understand the nature of existance. However it is important to understand Plato also thought people needed to express the upmost rational and logical reasoning to determine if their senses were correct or if they were percieving something else.

QUESTION ID: 7B8J1G5DYLKZQA3
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I be there for him?
QUESTION CONTENT: My boyfriends father has terminal cancer. How can I be there for my boyfriend? I don t know what to do to make him feel at least a bit better. I m so angry at myself. I love him so muchThank you for all your answers...his father passed away last nightSo I couldn t use most of your ideas..It s going to be hard to choose a best answer, though.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48037
I had Non Hodgkin s Lymphoma. My doctor told me not to start any long novels, because I did not have enough time to read them. My wife was sitting by my side and said you have to be wrong. We have a bet on who will out live the other one and I don t want my $5 now . I decided I did not have time for cancer. Every time I had chemo my wife would walk into the room and hand me an ice cream sandwich. Chemo made everyone sick and loose their hair. I had ice cream and lost my eyelashes. My older daughter asked me if she could use me as an excuse to miss work. My younger daughter would sneak in Duncan Donuts. My friends would take me to dinner and we would joke all night. The rest of my family is all over the country. Some would call just to see how I was doing. Some sent the silliest cards you have ever seen. One even sent me a subscription to Reader s Digest and the thickest book I had ever seen.All I wanted was to be treated normal. I hated when the doctors would whisper to my wife about my condition as if I wasn t there. My wife and daughters and son-in-law were on shifts so that I would not be alone. I finally had to tell them go away, I need some me time. But was really nice was when one or more of them would come into the room with a cup of something for me to drink, fix my covers, and sit down and read themselves a book. They were just there for me. It was wonderful. It took 2 1/2 years of chemo and the help of friends and family and the belief I held that I did not have time for cancer. I was technically in remission until last year. Now the doctor who said no long books says I am cured.Be there for your boy friend, go with him to the hospital to see his dad. Remember you don t have to do anything but fluff his pillow or argue about the election, it does not matter. Ask him if he wants a drink. Never bring up the cancer unless he does. And most important just listen to the stories dad and his son tell about growing up. It will be the only time you can learn this about your boy friend.Best of luck to dad. May the sun always shine in his direction. May you and your boy friend learn how important one and other are to each other.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88170
Why would you be angry with yourself?  Just listen to him, tell him if there is anything that you can do, you are there for him.  If he cries, just hold him.  If you are both Christians, ask if you can pray with him.  You really can t make him feel better.  My father died from Pancreatic Cancer.  So many people tried to make me feel better.  But since there is no good thing to say, they wound up saying the wrong thing because they didn t know what was going on.  I myself have cancer.  Not terminal right this minute, but I preferred someone to hug, cry and pray with than all the other stuff people had to say.  I know they didn t mean any harm, but unless you are walking in the shoes of the person with the terminal disease or the relative of the person with the terminal disease, you have no idea what is the right thing to say or do.  Just be there for him.  Don t push, and DON T TAKE ANYTHING PERSONAL should he push you away for a little bit.  We all grieve in our own way.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88171
Love him, assure him, just be there for him.Cancer has affected my life a lot, and i understand how hard it is.Listen to him allyou can.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88172
I am going though a situation where my friend has terminal cancer.  I am being there for her.  That s what you can do for your boyfriend and his father.  Offer to do things that would really help his family out.  Whether it be the laundry,   baking a favorite cookie or pie, making a comfortable pillow or soft fleece blanket.  One thing that you could do is have your boyfriend tell you some of his favorite times with his dad and get some photos together and work on making a scrap book together to present to his dad to read while he still can. This would let him know of some of the most wonderful times and appreciations of father and son.  It would give them both time to reminise and be an invaluable book that they both shared together while he was living.  There is nothing that you can do to reverse any effects of his terminal condition but it s the little things in life that makes it just a bit better to manage.  When my BIL had cancer I bought him one of those energizer bunnies.  And sent it with a card that I made up that said, I just wanted you to keep going and going and ...... He said it was the best gift he had.  Remember, it s all about the little things you do and your thoughtfulness that can put a smile on someone s face if even they should be brief moments.

QUESTION ID: 7FE5M1TZIZWUHB2
QUESTION SUBJECT: help , how can i lower my blood pressure with foods i eat>?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85069
u can find lots of site on net which provide lots of infocheck www.bawarchi.com healthi don t know ur question is there or n t??eat non-fatty foods..eat lots of fiber..drink lots of water..garlic helps
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85070
Causes of Hypertension.Age. Over time, the number of collagen fibers in artery and arteriole walls increases, making blood vessels stiffer. With the reduced elasticity comes a smaller cross-sectional area in systole, and so a raised mean arterial blood pressure. High salt intake Sedentary lifestyle Tobacco smoking Alcoholism High levels of saturated fat in the diet Obesity - In obese subjects, losing a kilogram of mass generally reduces blood pressure by 2 mmHg. Stress Low birth weight Diabetes mellitus Various genetic causes Occupational, aircraft and roadway noise exposureYou should eliminate the causes for hypertension.Eat a low-cholesterol, low-fat diet. This kind of diet includes cottage cheese, fat-free milk, fish (not canned in oil), vegetables, poultry, egg whites, and polyunsaturated oils and margarines (corn, safflower, canola, and soybean oils). Avoid foods with excess fat in them such as meat (especially liver and fatty meat), egg yolks, whole milk, cream, butter, shortening, lard, pastries, cakes, cookies, gravy, peanut butter, chocolate, olives, potato chips, coconut, cheese (other than cottage cheese), coconut oil, palm oil, and fried foods.Please see the web pages for more details on Hypertension.

QUESTION ID: 7GGM8ZYXM87K0F3
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why did Lyndon Johnson chose to ignore The Wise Men in 1968, when they warned that the Vietnam War could ....?
QUESTION CONTENT: ... not be won and recommended that American troops be withdrawn?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crfRcI6oeXw:-)...Here s the missing O !  :-)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 34990
~More importantly, why did Eisenhower ignore the French in 1954 after the Viet Minh and Ho Chi Minh (former US allies) had kicked the collective French butt at Dien Bien Phu when the French  warned Ike that a  war against the Viet Mihn couldn t be won (mainly because the Viet Minh enjoyed the support of a majority of the Vietnamese in both the North and South).  Or when the French  warned Ike that Ngo Dinh Diem was an incompetent madman and should not be allowed any position of power in the South.  And why, in spite of those warnings, not to mention the obvious lessons of  history of the region,  did Ike get the US involved and help Diem seize power and then order the CIA and US military to protect him and his presidency even after Diem went on his killing sprees and cornered the opium trade.  And why did JFK beef up the troops then realize his mistake and still not pull out.  And after knowing of Diem s ruthless tyranny for 7 years, why did JFK repeat the order for the US military and CIA to protect him and his even more paranoid and lunatic brothers (whom he had installed in positions of high power in the South Vietnamese government?  At least, that is, until JFK sanctioned the coup that resulted in the assassination of Diem in November, 1963.Why didn t LBJ follow the plans of JFK or listen to the advice of RFK in 63 and complete the withdrawal then? Why did LBJ and company lie about alleged attacks on the USS Maddox and USS Turner Joy so he could get the Tonkin Resolution through and why were Sens Wayne Morse and Ernest Gruening the only two negative votes (House: 416 to 0, Senate:  88 to 2) and the only two smart enough to not grant the White House that blank check to wage an undeclared war?   The most basic question about Vietnam is, why did the US allow Diem to refuse to hold the elections to reunify the county in 1956 as required by the 1954 Geneva accords, and why did the US help Diem in that refusal?  The answer to that one is easy:  in a free and fair election, Ho Chi Minh was going to win in a landslide and have a government coalition composed of communists and Vietnamese nationalists, neither of which were about to submit to US control.  I mean, after all, the US was in Southeast Asia to stop the spread of communism and to promote democracy, right?  That means if the democratic process will produce a communist, socialist or anti-American result,  the will of the people cannot be heard.  [Witness Operations PB/Success, PB/History and TP/Ajax by which the CIA removed fairly and democratically elected socialist leaders in Guatemala and Iran in 53 and 54 and replaced them with bloodthirsty fascist killers who, with their secret police and US blessings, are responsible for hundreds of thousands if not millions of murders.]The whys don t really matter to the 58, 209 dead US troops, the 1.3 Million Vietnamese troops, the 3 to 5 million dead Vietnamese civilians (and the countless others whose deaths to Agent Orange remain unknown and those born with Agent Orange induced birth defects) and the few thousand more Korean, Chinese, New Zealand troop dead) anymore than it matters to the hundreds of thousands (millions) of wounded and permanently disabled veterans and civilians whose lives were destroyed.Edit to Hempsted:Thanks for the comment.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22069
Out of his fervent belief that the United States can not be defeated.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35002
Probably the same reason he withdrew from the election in 68: He was in over his head.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60164
Pride probably. But the Wise Men were wrong. The war was VERY winnable. In fact the Tet offensive of 1968 was the beginning the of potential end for the North Vietnamese. From 1968-1972 the Vietcong was smashed, the NVA was driven from South Vietnam and crippled in Cambodia, their supply lines were being pounded by American air strikes, pacification programs in the South had virtually eliminated enemy activity and support, and the South Vietnamese military had wide civilian support and was gaining in technical and professional proficiency every day.What happened?We f*cked up the end-game, like we do in every war.In 1972, as the North was considering a truce, our politicians, by popular demand, pulled our forces out and cut off funding and military supplies to South Vietnam. Of course, the Soviet Union and China didn t stop supplying North Vietnam, so it was only a matter of time before the South was defeated by the North. And that s the history lesson nobody ever talks about.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60165
Hmmm.... Probably because the Wise men forgot to bring their gifts OR OR  OR he was blinded by LOVE :-) :-)OR... He was lost in exhilarating music sung by a King who still touches the hearts of mere mortals :-) :-)And BTW, have you noticed how History repeats itself?Enjoy this....Once again I was going to post it on my 360 soon :-)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9zyxOv49r8&feature=relatedPS Please, I don t wish to take part in the judging for Best Answer process, so in that respect disregard my answer :-)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60166
It was the Viet Nam Conflict - war was never officially declared.  What a joke!  It was war.  It was hell.  The answers you received are correct.  I would add, a most obnoxious attitude that America had, and still has, which is one of arrogance.  It taints and paints all international policies.   Elvis would ve been 73.  He had lousy docs.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60167
Great comments by all.  May I add:  It was a horrific time for all.  Half the nation was divided.  Everyone knew someone that was going into the conflict (this is what it was termed as), or had loss someone.  The draft was in effect and being of that age, young men were anxious wondering if they were going to be inducted because it was certain they would be shipped to Vietnam.  At that time, my husband s graduating class from West Point sent half of these young men to Vietnam,  . . . .50%, and they never came back.  What a nightmare for our nation!  I hated all politics . . . . it tained everyone in our country.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60168
My hat is off to Oscar for his great answer.  I can only add a psychological perspective-that LBJ was supposedly tormented by Vietnam and quite conflicted between his knowledge that the war could not be won, and his desire not to be considered the first president to be defeated in war-in congruent with his vision as the founder of a Great Society . My guess is that it is dynamically similar to the  process of  gambling loss, where there is considerable resistance to the best strategy of knowing when to fold them.I can also add that Kennedy and even Ike made horrendous decisions that were partly attributed to a process called group think in which a unanimous decision reduces the probability of critical analysis, by reducing the feeling of personal responsibility (e.g., it isn t my decision, its the groups and we all agree...).I propose a constitutional amendment that makes it illegal to run for office if you are arrogant, narcissistic or stupid. Additionally,  you can only run for office if you genuinely don t want to.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60169
In 1968 the US was looking at a resurgent USSR, with 220 mechanized divisions. The very real possibility of a ground war with intermittent nukes, over Europe, and Germany especially, and all that was available was the boomers.We had tons of useless, obsolete weapons, aircraft that couldn t dogfight, rifles that jammed, and the only way to fix it was to use it. Vietnam resulted in the deaths of 3.5 million Viets, and 50,000 US service men. We trained 22 million men in the ways of warfare, rebuilt our inventory with workable systems, and drove a wedge between China and the USSR. Because of this we did not have to meet the Russians at the Fuida Gap in Germany. We would have lost a war with the Russians, and because of Vietnam, we didn t have to fight that war. Live fire training is always expensive.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60170
While there is some oil in the Parasol Islands, I doubt it was known at the time. So, unlike bushit and thug, oil probably was not a factor in Viet Nam.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60171
I don t know what Elvis Presley has to do with it, but I think LBJ simply could not believe that we would be defeated.  He was accustomed to a different concept of war, basically WW2.  This was guerrilla warfare, and he didn t understand it.

QUESTION ID: 7GQ7LZ8S3HYPP8Y
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can i quit smoking cigarrette?
QUESTION CONTENT: its been years that im smoking cigarrette and now i wanna quit can u give me advise how to???
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9427
Instead of buying packs after packs, why don??t you get yourself  something that you can save that money in.. And monthly you can have a feast for not smoking on the money that you didn??t spend on them... Chewing gum also helps.. Be strong!Take care...Bcn_mimosa
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9428
The Law of Addiction Administration of a drug to an addict will cause reestablishmentof chemical dependence upon the addictive substance. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------Smokers are often furious with me because they believe I caused them to go back to smoking.  Why do they think this?  Well, I have this nasty habit of making a really big deal any time a clinic participant takes one puff or maybe just a few cigarettes.  The smoker feels I am so persuasive in my arguments that he has no choice but to have a full-fledged relapse.  In his opinion, I forced him back to the lifetime dependency which will impair his health and may eventually cost him his life.  He is convinced that if I had not made such a major issue out of the incident, he would just have smoked that one time and would never have done it again.  How can I sleep each night knowing what I have done?I sleep quite well, thank you.  For, you see, I am not responsible for these people s relapsesto cigarettes.  They can take full credit for becoming smokers again.  They relapsed because they broke the one major law of nicotine addiction - they took a puff.  This is not my law.  I am not setting myself up to be judge, jury, and executioner.  The law of physiological addiction states that administration of a drug to an addict will cause reestablishment of the dependence on that substance.  I didn t write that law.  I don t execute that law.  My job is much simpler than that.  All I do is interpret the law.  This means, by taking a puff, the smoker either goes back to full-fledged smoking or goes through the withdrawal process associated with quitting.  Most don t opt for the withdrawal. Every clinic has a number of participants who have quit in the past for one year or longer.  In fact, I had one clinic participant who had stopped for a period of 24 years before he relapsed.  He never heard that such a law existed, that even after 24 years, the ex-smoker is not totally freed from his imprisonment of addiction.  He didn t understand that the day he tossed his last cigarette, he was placed on probation for the rest of his life.  But ignorance of the law is not excusable - not the way the laws of a physiological nature are written.  By the American standards of justice, this seems to be cruel and unusual punishment.  But this is the way things are.Maybe instead of going to a smoking clinic, a recently relapsed person should contact his attorney to plead his case of why he should be able to have an occasional cigarette when he desires.  Maybe he can cheat just once, get a sympathetic jury, be judged innocent, and walk out of the courtroom a free and independent person.  Surely, in pleading his case before twelve impartial people, he will probably have no problem convincing them that he is innocent of any wrongdoing.  And, as he happily walks out of court a free and independent person, he will probably have an uncontrollable urge and then light a cigarette.Don t look for loopholes in the law of addiction.  You will be convicting yourself back to smoking.  While it may seem harsh and unfair, to many, smoking is a crime punishable by death.  Don t try to cheat the system - NEVER TAKE ANOTHER PUFF!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86956
my mom has smoked for a very long time and i have learned that it takes a lot of self restraint to quit. Unfortunately a lot of times something very bad has to happen in order for you to be able to have the courage to do so, or maybe a great change in your life. But where there is something bad there is always hope. We all need someone in our life to help us through things and smoking is one of them. You need to be supported by the people around you. Also i have heard of bringing up other bad habits to get rid of smoking such as toothpick chewing, chewing gum, or biting on the ends of pens. A lot of times just doing the motion of smoking with a pen can help.  Good luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86957
just quit and forget about it. there s nothing special about quitting, its when you put some importance that it worsens, like when in stressed situations.  Its only a cigarette...   quit. No big deal.

QUESTION ID: 7H6S2BG7VJNSBE2
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does a calqulator work?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74689
just like a computer it has also got a microprocessor,but a smaller one(a 8-bit instead of a 32-bit one).all calculations take place in binary language.all calculations take place in 0(switch off) and 1(switch on)and then are converted back in our language to be displayed on the screen.search yahoo for more on binary nos system
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16553
Read this http://electronics.howstuffworks.com/microcontroller1.htmAlso, read history to understand this HistoryOne of the first calculators was Pascal s calculator invented in 1645. This was used for taxes in France until 1799. Later on in 1954, IBM demonstrated a large all-transistor calculator. In 1957, IBM released the first commercial all-transistor calculator (the IBM 608). The first handheld calculators, as opposed to desktop ones, went on sale in 1970 with models from Japanese manufacturers Sharp and Canon weighing around 1.7 lb (770 g).1970s to mid-1980sThe first pocket-sized calculator, the Bowmar 901B measuring 5.2??3.0??1.5 in (131??77??37 mm), came out in the fall of 1971, with four functions and an eight-digit red LED display, for $240, while in August 1972 the four-function Sinclair Executive became the first slimline pocket calculator measuring 5.4??2.2??0.35 in (138??56??9 mm) and weighing 2.5 oz (70g). It retailed for around $150 (GB??79). By the end of the decade, similar calculators were priced less than $10 (GB??5).The first pocket calculator with scientific functions, i.e. the first slide rule-replacing model, was the 1972 HP-35 from Hewlett Packard (HP); it, along with all later HP engineering calculators, used reverse Polish notation (RPN) (where a calculation like 6 ??? 2 is performed by pressing 6 , Enter??? , 2 , and ??? ; instead of algebraically: 6 , ??? , 2 , = ).Most common among early scientific calculators was the TI-30 from Texas Instruments (TI). The first programmable hand-held calculator was the HP-65, in 1974; it had a capacity of 100 instructions, and could store and retrieve programs with a built-in magnetic card reader. A year later the HP-25C introduced continuous memory, i.e. programs and data were retained in memory during power-off. In 1979, HP released the first alphanumeric, programmable, expandable calculator, the HP-41C. It could be expanded with RAM (memory) and ROM (software) modules, as well as peripherals like bar code wands, cassette tape and floppy disk drives, paper-roll printers, and miscellaneous communication interfaces (RS-232, HP-IL, HP-IB).Mid-1980s to date A screen capture of a 3D graph on a TI-89 calculatorThe two leading manufacturers, HP and TI, released steadily more feature-laden calculators during the 1980s and 90s. At the turn of the millennium, the line between a graphing calculator and a PDA/ handheld computer was not always clear (forgetting the keyboard for the sake of the argument), as some very advanced calculators such as the TI-89 and HP-49G could differentiate and integrate functions, run word processing and PIM software, and connect by wire or IR to other calculators/computers.In March 2002, HP announced that the company would no longer produce calculators, which was hard to fathom for some fans of the company s products; the HP-48 range in particular had an extremely loyal customer base. Nevertheless, HP restarted their production of calculators in late 2003. The new models, however, reportedly didn t have the mechanical quality and sober design HP s earlier calculators were famous for (instead featuring the more youthful look and feel of contemporary competing designs from TI).The business calculator HP-12C is still produced. It was introduced in 1981 and is still being made with nearly no changes. In 2003 several new models were released, including an improved version of the HP-12C, the HP-12C platinum edition .

QUESTION ID: 7I4V0MU5ZRFBBUP
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I find solutions to quadratic equations?
QUESTION CONTENT: What are the solutions to the equation x^2 + 4x + 4 = -5?What are the solutions to the equation x^2 + 3x + 3 = 0? What are the solutions to the equation 2x^2 - 4x + 3 = 0?I know how to factor them, but I don t know what I do after that... or do I use the quadratic equation?Can anybody tell me what D.W is doing when she does this-   = [-4 ?? i???(2??)???(5)]/ 2   = [-4 ?? 2i???5]/ 2   = [-4 ?? 4.472i]/ 2She does it in every problem and I m not sure how she s getting there.This is how far i ve gotten so far-http://i9.tinypic.com/82j29mr.pngI think they re all right, but I know I need to be getting two solutions for all of them.. 2 complex for the first two, and 2 real for the second two right? How do I do that?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3412
You can either use completing squares or by quadratic formula.By quadratic formula:Given: ax^2 + bx + c = 0then x = (-b +- sq rt(b^2 - 4ac))/2aFor your first problem: x^2 + 4x + 4 = -5x^2 + 4x + 9 = 0, then a=1, b= 4 and c = 9x = (-4 +- sq rt(16 - 36))/2 = (-4+- sq rt (-20))/2with sq root of negative number, the answer is a pair of complex number, which I believe is not yet with your present lessons.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3413
x??+4x+4 = -5x??+4x+9 = 0ax??+bx+c=0a = 1b = 4c = 9x = [-b ?? ???(b??-4ac)]/ (2a)??????= [-(4) ?? ???((4)?? - 4(1)(9))]/ 2(1)??????= [-4 ?? ???(-20)]/ 2??????= [-4 ?? i???(2??)???(5)]/ 2??????= [-4 ?? 2i???5]/ 2??????= [-4 ?? 4.472i]/ 2x??? = -2 + (2.236i)x??? = -2 - (2.236i)---------------------------ax??+bx+c=0a = 1b = 3c = 3x = [-b ?? ???(b??-4ac)]/ (2a)??????= [-(3) ?? ???((3)?? - 4(1)(3))]/ 2(1)??????= [-3 ?? ???(-3)]/ 2??????= [-3 ?? ???((3))]/ 2??????= [-3 ?? ???((3))]/ 2??????= [-3 ?? 1.732i]/ 2x??? = -1.5 + (0.866i)x??? = -1.5 - (0.866i)-----------------------ax??+bx+c=0a = 2b = -4c = 3x = [-b ?? ???(b??-4ac)]/ (2a)??????= [-(-4) ?? ???((-4)?? - 4(2)(3))]/ 2(2)??????= [4 ?? ???(-8)]/ 4??????= [4 ?? ???(2??)]/ 4??????= [4 ?? 2???2]/ 4??????= [4 ?? 2.828i]/ 4x??? = 1 + (0.707i)x??? = 1 - (0.707i)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69954
All of them have got no factor so you must use the quadratic equation to solve for x.

QUESTION ID: 7LIPHW6BI7VV4JP
QUESTION SUBJECT: Please explain how quantum entanglement can occur without violating the General Theory of Relativity?
QUESTION CONTENT: Quantum Entanglement works instantly, seemingly breaking the law of no information traveling faster than light. Does anyone have an explanation of this?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76064
sure.  the thing about entangled states is that while the state may collapse instantaneously , that doesn t mean that information is necessarily transmitted.consider 2 atoms in an entangled state.  alice takes one, and bob takes the other and gets on a rocket ship and flies to pluto.  when he gets there, he radios back to earth ok, alice, i m here! and waits the 7 hours or whatever it takes for a response to come back at the speed of light.so once alice and bob get all settled, alice performs a measurement on her part of the entangled pair.  she gets |0>(in qubit notation) or whatever the state is, with a certain probability - say, 50%.  since alice and bob have agreed on a pre-determined time to do this, 10 minutes later bob measures his state.  now, because the quantum system collapsed from a mixed state to an eigenstate when alice did the measurement, that means bob s state instantly collapsed too.  but bob has no *a priori* knowledge of what alice measured!  alice s measurement came with some certain statistical probability, and when bob does his measurement, he will get a result with the same probability, since his mixed state collapsed too.  so bob measures a |1>because alice already measured a zero, but he has no way of knowing what outcome to expect before the measurement.  so to bob, the result is a random outcome as well.the point is that alice cannot *control* the outcome of her experiment - all she can do is measure it because of the random nature of quantum mechanical systems.  if alice were to perform her measurement, and then radio ahead to bob and say hey bob, i got |0> then bob could be certain that when he measures his state, he gets |1>.  but now information has not traveled any faster than the speed of light, for this is classical information traveling by radio.so, anyway, there you go.  this is a rather simplified and not very clear explanation.  this seeming paradox is called the EPR paradox after einstein, podolsky and rosen who considered its ramifications.  you can read more about it here:http://www.physlink.com/Education/AskExperts/ae634.cfmhttp://math.ucr.edu/home/baez/physics/Quantum/bells_inequality.htmlhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EPR_paradox
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24781
It has sometimes been suggested that quantum phenomena exhibit a characteristic holism or nonseparability, and that this distinguishes quantum from classical physics. One puzzling quantum phenomenon arises when one performs measurements of spin or polarization on certain separated quantum systems. The results of these measurements exhibit patterns of statistical correlation that resist traditional causal explanation. Some have held that it is possible to understand these patterns as instances or consequences of quantum holism or nonseparability. Just what holism and nonseparability are supposed to be has not always been made clear, though, and each of these notions has been understood in different ways. Moreover, while some have taken holism and nonseparability to come to the same thing, others have thought it important to distinguish the two. Any evaluation of the significance of quantum holism and/or nonseparability must rest on a careful analysis of these notions.

QUESTION ID: 7MVP73JI3AQWNRS
QUESTION SUBJECT: Stressful situation for nurses and how to manage it?
QUESTION CONTENT: HII would like to know some examples of sressful situation for nurses in hospital setting.  this is for my paper iam doing.r eally appreciate any inputs from nursesthanks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86651
Nurses really put themselves at high risk for catching most everything the patients may have that is contageous. Nurses work strange hours, often, and that is stressful.........as the family life needs to be matched to whatever schedule the nurse has been set up for.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86652
Hi, I have been a nursefor 25 years and I could spend all day giving you examples of stressful situations....here are a few that come to mind...First lets talk about the nursing part.  If someone codes and you have to do CPR, this is very stressful.If the patient wants one thing, and the family wants another thing as far as care, this can be very stressful.Trying to get a hold of doctors when your patient has a life threatening situation can be stressful, especially when you are waiting for them to call you back and give you some direction and/or some orders. Dealing with a patient that in noncompliant is also very stressful. Dealing with a new nurse on the unit can be stressful.  Dealing with lazy nurses on the unit can be stressful too.Dealing with an overpowering, overbearing boss is stressful. When the state comes in to a facility to do their inspection, this too can be very stressful. Dealing with a noncompliant pharmacy is stressful.  You order the meds, you don t get them, you call the meds in, you still don t get them...etc.Time management in nursing is stressful.  You know what they say, DOCUMENT, DOCUMENT, DOCUMENT....if it isn t documented then it isn t done.  Trying to find time to do all of this documentation is stressful also. The ever changing rules and regulations are stressful too. Trying to manage it?  That is stressful in itself.  As an experienced nurse, I can say that you really do need to choose your battles.  You have to know where the priority lies and where it doesn t.  You have to be able to assess each individual situation and deal with it effectively.  Is it life threatening?  Can it wait a few minutes?  Things like that. I hope this helps you.

QUESTION ID: 7O3M4P4A4R6FAJ3
QUESTION SUBJECT: How would the cure for cancer affect your life?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 53255
The impact would be overwhelming relief. My beautiful son has had advanced cancer for almost three years. He is currently asymptomatic and living with cancer in the pelvis and pleural lining. He just wants to be normal. A cure for cancer would give him his life back and in effect . . allow me to go back to living my life without the constand and daily fear of losing my child.A cure would give us peace to enjoy life once more.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 671
Well right now my uncle has Leukaemia so he wouldn t be suffering and my aunt and cousins wouldn t be stressing.  If there was a cure for cancer it would be great.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13234
The cure is mostly preventative, with diet and lifestyle changes.  The WHO in my post below says 30% of cancers are caused by nutritional deficiency and that s the second leading cause.  Tobacco use is the number one cause.  I d say if we know what causes it, that would be a cure for many people.  They just need to decide if they want to be healthy, or not, with the decisions they make about their lifestyle.That said, bad luck is indeed a possible part of getting cancer.  Guyton and Hall s Textbook of Medical Physiology says on page 41 - usually several different activated oncogenes are required simultaneously to cause a cancer.  For instance, one such gene might promote rapid reproduction of a cell line, but no cancer occurs because there is not a simultaneous mutant gene to form the needed blood vessels.But what is it that causes the altered genes? Considering that many trillions of new cells are formed each year in humans, a better question might be, Why is it that all of us do not develop millions or billions of mutant cancerous cells?  The answer is the incredible precision with which DNA chromosomal strands are replicated in each cell before mitosis can take place, and also the proofreading process that cuts and repairs any abnormal DNA strand before the mitotic process is allowed to proceed.  Yet, despite all these inherited cellular precautions, probably one newly formed cell in every few million still  has significant mutant characteristics.Thus, chance alone is all that is required for mutations to take place, so we can suppose that a large number of cancers are merely the result of an unlucky occurrence.However the probability of mutations can be increased manyfold when a person is exposed to certain chemical, physical, or biological factors... The rest of that quote from their book is in my post below.See my posts here http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AmMrDfKw_zo1Sotp869qR2Tsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20071130142438AAKYyJl&show=7#profile-info-AA10503846 and here http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ah1YRXwJAttKeDsfwNwHpCHty6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20071129141949AAfYqOB&show=7#profile-info-a3a52157fc4d14c61505d34ffcfb24d5aa .  I believe the cure is squashed based on the evidence I read and have experienced in my own life.Dr. Dean Ornish says here http://www.rd.com/content/dr-dean-ornish-column/ that the more people changed their diet and lifestyle, the more improvement we measured. In order to reverse disease, people needed to make much bigger changes than most doctors had been recommending. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13235
i would jump up and down

QUESTION ID: 7OOCM2PA6M0AD53
QUESTION SUBJECT: how accurate is dna testing? Why more accurate then carbs, lipids proteins?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73483
DNA testing can be pretty accurate, but it depends on how many sequences they test.  If you read my test procedure explanation you will understand why DNA is used.First, Carbohydrates and lipids are pretty much identical between all people.  A few people have metabolic disorders that result in a build up of certain carbs, but generally it would be useless to test for the specific carb or lipid present, because they are the same for everyone.Proteins do differ among people, but not as much as DNA does.  DNA provides the information telling ribosomes how to put proteins together in people, but only a small portion of DNA is ever tranlsated to protein.  Most of your DNA is junk, and the big DNA differences between two people are in this junk DNA, so that is what is used for DNA testing.This is an explanation of how it is typically done:The way DNA testing works is by measuring the lengths of DNA segments between two endonuclease cleavage sites.  An endonuclease is an enzyme that will cleave DNA at a particular sequence of bases.  Some specific cleavage sites exist in the DNA of all people.  In between two specific cleavage sites, you may have a sequence of tandem repeat DNA.  For example le us say your DNA looks like this:(Cleave) gene1-TGTGTGTGTGTG-gene2 (Cleave)We will denote this length of tandem repeat segment as (TG)6.  My DNA may have a tandem repeat segment may be (TG)10, in which case the segment of DNA between the two cleavage points is longer for me than it is for you.  This additional length also makes it heavier.Now let us make a suspend lots of copies of this particular segment of your DNA in a fluid and make another suspension with my DNA.  Let us also say that we know that everyone has a sequence of TG repeats at least 6 repeats long.  The complement to this sequence is:ACACACACACAC ->(AC)6We could create a radio labelled (AC)6 probe and sprinkle it into the suspension with your DNA, the suspension with my DNA, and a suspension with unknown DNA.  This probe would bind to the DNA in all three solutions, but my DNA segment would still be heavier than yours, because it contains 10 repeats, even if only 6 are bound to the probe.We now place some of the suspension of your DNA at a point on an adsorbent surface.  The suspnsion will travel along the surface, but at some point the DNA will stick to the surface.  If it is heavier it will stick sooner.  With good equipment all DNA of a certain length will stick at the same spot (or short line)Since my DNA is heavier than yours, mine will travel less far.  The unknown DNA will travel either as far as your DNA does or as far as my DNA does, and that will tell whose DNA it is.The way you view the DNA on the adsorbent surface is with a film that will darken when exposed to our radio labelled probe.  You place this film on top of the adsorbent bed with the DNA samples and three small spots (or short lines) will show.  The distance the unknown DNA travelled in comparison to your DNA and mine tells us whose DNA it is.Investigators do this with evidence; only they use many different tandem repeat segments scattered throughout the genome.  The more segments used, the lower the probability of a coincidence.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22148
Great answer, know it all. A slightly simpler (and less radioactive) way to go about it would be to PCR amplify (make many copies of) regions of DNA that tend to vary in individuals, and run that DNA through a gel by using an electrical current, which will separate the fragments by size (gel electophoresis). You can use a (toxic) compound called ethidium bromide to make the bands of DNA show up.How accurate DNA testing is has to do with statistics. The technique itself is pretty much completely reliable, as long as the samples are pure. When you look at DNA from two different people it is possible to say how often a certain pattern is likely to occur in a population. If it is only likely to occur once in every 100,000 people, for example, then if two samples match, you could say that it is very likely they came from the same person.The important thing to remember is that relatives share a percentage of their DNA, so while there would only be a 1 in 100,000 chance of having a random match with a stranger, there would be a 1 in 2 chance of having a match with a sibling. Someone check my math. This is the basis of paternity testing. How accurate is a statistical prediction when DNA testing is used for identification.And right, there s not really a different in carbs, lipids, proteins from person to person in a way that can be usefully tested. DNA is the code. Those molecules aren t.Is this answering the question?

QUESTION ID: 7P0EDVI7PHA63ID
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does a person get brain cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71130
In the case of my husband his was non small cell lung cancer that was found in his brain.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86285
Five hundred years ago, people said the world was flat. Today, people say that if the FDA and AMA haven t blessed something, it can t be real good. Well, here s something I know to be real AND good. It s a little different take on cancer treatment--In 1990, I had Hodgkin s Lymphoma, stage 3-B, but I ve survived. My doctors were great people, but they were limited to surgery, chemo and radiation by profitable AMA treatment policy. During the year in treatment, I started learning about alternative medicine. I m a retired engineer, and this is what I ve pieced together--our IMMUNE SYSTEMS become weakened by poor nutrition, lack of exercise and reduced oxygen. Once that happens, our body becomes vulnerable to common STRESSORS. Stressors can be environmental, like viruses, heavy metals, pesticides, food additives, electromagnetic waves or pollution. They can be internal things like emotional or job stress, or poisonous people in our lives. Aging is also a contributing factor. So this means:               WEAK IMMUNE SYSTEM  +  STRESSORS  =  DISEASE  (cancer, diabetes, heart disease, etc.) Our bodies have 60 trillion--yes, trillion--cells, and there are always some mutating into cancer cells, but a healthy immune system kills them before they have a chance to get a foothold in the body. It takes a LONG time, usually, or a high level of stressors, to weaken the immune system to the point where itwon t do its job, but once cancer has formed, it will generally spread rapidly.THIS IS IMPORTANT! There are ways to BEAT cancer that are currently being used in Europe and around the world, and there are some great books on the subject. I know because I ve read about 50 of them  from cover to cover. Here s a list of the best ones. Some are out of print and  getting hard to find-- The Cure for All Cancers , ISBN 0963632825 The Cure for All Advanced Cancers , ISBN 1890035165 A Cancer Therapy , ISBN 0882681052 Oxygen Therapies , ISBN 0962052701 Hydrogen Peroxide--Medical Miracle , ISBN 1885236077 The Natural Cure for Cancer--Germanium , ISBN 0533071410 Killing Cancer , ISBN 0705000966 Natural Cures They Don t Want You to Know About , ISBN 0975599518I know of people whose cancer has spontaneously remitted (WENT AWAY for no known reason) AFTER they went on programs of herbs and nutrition to restart their immune systems. You and your family must look out for yourselves to stand a chance of being healthy. This is not a joke, and I m not selling anything--just trying to help.  I am using the things I learned in those books right now to fight off a second infestation of cancer. I ve been at it for over a year now, and think I m going to make it. Use what works for you, and pass on your success. Best of luck.AMA AND FDA--The American Medical Association (AMA) and the pharmaceutical companies control medical law and the FDA in this country with heavy lobbying and a revolving door policy. WHY would they want to do this? It s about the money. In 2006, medicine (doctors, hospitals, researchers and pharmaceutical firms) received 2.1 TRILLION dollars--15% of the total earnings (GNP 13.7 trillion) in the U.S. This is astounding! It means MILLIONS of people worked the whole year just to pay the nation s medical expenses!! That s totally astounding, and just too big to care about individuals. Watch the film at this website--http://www.altcancer.com/vidgal.htm#hoxsey

QUESTION ID: 7QLSP3HLVG7O8RR
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the Red Cross called the Red Cross?
QUESTION CONTENT: This is a question I created myself and can be difficult? - so don t even think about looking it up on wikipedia. It requires you to really think and whoever posts the best answer even if it s incorrect wins! ;)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 11441
Since this answer is supposed to not necessarily have anything to do with fact, how about this...Since the red cross is a symbol of neutrality and medical treatment in war, the red symbolizes the blood that has been lost by the soldiers that the doctors are trying to or have failed to save, while the white background represents the purity of neutrality. The cross was simply chosen to highlight the goodness of this Christian action, hence the Red Crecent being used in many non-Christian nations.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26456
The Red Cross idea was born in 1859, when Henry Dunant, a young Swiss man, came upon the scene of a bloody battle in Solferino, Italy, between the armies of imperial Austria and the Franco-Sardinian alliance. Some 40,000 men lay dead ordying on the battlefield and the wounded were lacking medical attention. Dunant organized local people to bind the soldiers wounds and to feed and comfort them. On his return, he called for the creation of national relief societies to assist those wounded in war, and pointed the way to the future Geneva Conventions. In October 1863, The International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement was created in Geneva, Switzerland, to provide nonpartisan care to the wounded and sick in times of war. The Red Cross emblem was adopted at this first International Conference as a symbol of neutrality and was to be used by national relief societies. In August 1864, the representatives of 12 governments signed the Geneva Convention Treaty. The extraordinary efforts of Henry Dunant led to the eventual establishment of the International Red Cross. Today, the Red Cross Movement incorporates the Geneva-based International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) and the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (the International Federation), as well as National Societies in 175 countries, including the American Red Cross of the United States

QUESTION ID: 7QNZ6S7MPPPPI6P
QUESTION SUBJECT: Where or how can I donate my hair for Cancer kids Locks of Love?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45336
All you do is have your hair tied before you cut it, cut it, put the tail in a ziplock bag, then put the bag in a padded envelope, fill out the info form from Locks of Love, and send it on.  You ll receive a thank you card in the mail later.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87353
You can donate to LOL but only 3 percent of donated hair goes to children who have lost hair from cancer. The majority of wigs go to children who have a condition called alopecia areata, which is not cancer and has nothing to do with cancer at all. The reason kids with cancer do not receive wigs is because their hair loss is temporary. LOL donates only to children with long term or permanent hair loss. LOL is somewhat misleading about admitting any of this, but if you look at their website you can read what they say about who gets the wigs. It s rarely kids with cancer.If you would like to support children who have lost their hair from cancer here are the following charities that do this:Wigs for Kids - gives wigs to kids who lose hair from chemotherapy and other conditions.http://www.wigsforkids.org/Other charities that support children or adults with cancer who have lost their hair:Angel Hair Foundation - Provides funding to purchase a hair system for children in Oregon who have lost hair from cancer treatment. http://www.angelhairfoundation.org/ I m a Kid Foundation - Non-profit organization supporting children with medically related hair loss. Offers public awareness, resources, and programs. http://www.imakid.org/ Little Princesses - Provides wigs and hair pieces for children who suffer hair loss due to cancer treatmenthttp://www.littleprincesses.org.uk/Pantene Beautiful Lengths - Partnered with the American Cancer Society to provide wigs to assist cancer patients suffering hair loss. Includes information about the program and how to become involved. http://www.pantene.com/en_US/beautifullengths/Wigs 4 Kids - Provides wigs for children who experience hair loss from cancer, alopecia, trichotillomania, lupus, hydrocephalus, burns and other disorders. [Michigan]http://www.wigs4kids.org/

QUESTION ID: 7S1JB8XL4TP6J1N
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is there still so much debate on evolution against religion in the age of science?
QUESTION CONTENT: What reasoning does religion gives to refute evolution when so much proof (though not perfect) are in support of the survival of the species?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77120
I ve already answered a similar question. I could say that many people don t know enough of the living world that surrounds them; that could be blamed on education, personal interest, or whatever. But ultimately it is about the time and effort that it takes to learn, understand, question, doubt, and find out if the truth that they re selling you is anything like what really happens. I think faith is absolutely respectable. I know that most of the times it helps people cope with life in a better way. But it s not science; and scientists object when someone tries to pass it as such (intelligent design and so forth). Belief is dogmatic; you believe that there is a god who created everything because you do. From that point you can use whatever observations you make to support your viewpoint (only think of the many interpretations that have been derived from the Bible - shudder- ).Sometimes it may seem that scientists are also trying to sell dogmatic ideas, but that s because usually one is compelled to provide statements that are shorter and simpler than what we know or think. That s why I started saying that it takes more effort and more thinking. If you study, if you learn and really observe the natural world, you can t help but seeing the links of similarity that connect all of us. It is each person s choice.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16666
I d like to answer this question by addressing HellYeah s answer (a few responses above this one).I agree, religion is not for the stupid -- that is much too harsh -- but I would say that religion IS for the unlearned. And please don t let your excuse for your lack of education on this matter be because you are unreasonable and don t care to know the natural order of things, which your not 100% logical argument does. To not be logical is simply to be unreasonable and I agree, folks who try to explain the natural order of things through unnatural means are unreasonable. I also agree with the fact that some and maybe even most people are unreasonable, but this state of being shouldn t be excused it should be indicted.As far as eliminating emotion from those who ARE logical is ludicrous. Religion is often portrayed as a discipline pursuing the truth. Unfortunately there is no truth to be fe found in religion, unless we write a new definition of the word. Because of the many different brands, religions purport mulitple truths for the same idea. Again, this is illogical and shouldn t be tollerated by anyone. Science on the other hand get s around this problem by not proclaiming any truth. Science tells us what the best possible answer is based on evidence collected. You were being slightly misleading when you started talking about scientific fact, most scientists will tell you that there aren t any facts when it comes to scientific matters, but it is typical of one who subscribes to religious dogma -- of which you most likely do -- to feel the need to make things so black and white (aka good and evil, heaven and hell) when there is little need for such extreme distinctions.Also, religion is not needed to give humans a sense of belonging. I have a sense of belonging. I belong to a school of thought, a communited of the learned and reasonable. I ve taken the time to study and my conviction, or my way of thinking resides in my mind, but comes from equal parts heart. The only diffrence between my understanding and a pious one is mine is based on observations which have been made by many before and have the abllity to be made by all who care to evaluate them on their own. Skeptics are welcome in this community. If you question something -- no matter if that questioning spirit comes from the mind or the heart -- grab a lab coat and find the answer. If your answer varies from the previous one s given that s fine -- go tell it from the mountain top and we ll add it to the knowledge already collected. Hell, you may even earn a prize for providing new wisdom.Humans don t need religion to have a sense of belonging. Humans need religion as a way to pacify away their fears of the unknown. Science removes the fear by removing the unknown.Also it isn t a trick that is needed to decide which of the theories is correct, unless you define education as a trick.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25717
Although science is based on fact, religion is based on faith...Take faith away and the world would be chaotic.  People need moral standards, not just information found in a geological dig.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25718
I would say, because even if you subscribe to the big bang theory, where did the items come from to enable a big bang? something existed for it to occur. Where did the componets come from? Same with evolution-where did these beings/species come from? at some point, something was Created by Something.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48624
It is a local effect. Only in the USA there are people who actively want to suppress this scientific knowledge for religious reasons in a democratic system.I know of no other stable democracy where a christian parallel of the Taliban exert this kind of pressure on education.

QUESTION ID: 7SY0CZEEHJLALU6
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do stars twinkle?
QUESTION CONTENT: the starlight blinks at night ... is it the air that does it?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74804
The scientific name for the twinkling of stars is stellar scintillation (or astronomical scintillation). Stars twinkle when we see them from the Earth s surface because we are viewing them through thick layers of turbulent (moving) air in the Earth s atmosphere. Stars (except for the Sun) appear as tiny dots in the sky; as their light travels through the many layers of the Earth s atmosphere, the light of the star is bent (refracted) many times and in random directions (light is bent when it hits a change in density - like a pocket of cold air or hot air). This random refraction results in the star winking out (it looks as though the star moves a bit, and our eye interprets this as twinkling). Stars closer to the horizon appear to twinkle more than stars that are overhead - this is because the light of stars near the horizon has to travel through more air than the light of stars overhead and so is subject to more refraction. Also, planets do not usually twinkle, because they are so close to us; they appear big enough that the twinkling is not noticeable (except when the air is extremely turbulent). Stars would not appear to twinkle if we viewed them from outer space (or from a planet/moon that didn t have an atmosphere).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23529
Yes, it is the air that does it.  The light passing through earth s atmosphere gets slightly refracted by the atmosphere, which causes the twinkling.  The reason astronomers have put telescopes in space, such as the Hubble Telescope, is to avoid the effects of the atmosphere on what they are studying.(This is essentially because the atmosphere is moving. Interestingly planets don t usually appear to twinkle.)

QUESTION ID: 7TDCBPA30T7KDN8
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do planets develop?
QUESTION CONTENT: How do they develop and what is the new planet called?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3468
In the beginning, you have a dusty and gasous floating molecular cloud mostly made of hydrogen. Physics suggest that this dust and gas (hydrogen) come together due to gravity. After some time, this collection of dust and gas spin because gravity is pulling on it creating a collapse, almost how water collapses in a toliet bowl down the drain. What forms is an accretion disk. An accretion disk looks like a huge glowing ball near the center surrounded by left over gas and dust. The reason for the large glowing ball is because whenever something gains mass, the larger the gravitational pull. This pull results in much of the hydrogen being collected in one place. As you may know, our sun is a result of this collection. Remember the left over gas and dust? Well, as the dust and gas spin around our baby sun, they begin to bump into each other. The same principles that formed our sun form our planets. As, more dust collects we eventually get small rocks that attract smaller rocks creating a large rock. Remember, the larger the object, the more graviational pull is has. So, eventually larger rocks begin to get bigger and bigger. After so much time, we get a huge object. The mass of the object depends on how much dust/rock was avaliable for collection. Remember, many of these formations were in competition with each other. This explains the various sizes of planets. All in all, after many years of evolutionary process, we have earth. I d explain the evolutionary process, but to be honest, I d have to write another page. haha.   - Jansen.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8021
the new planed is the name planet 10thin basicly the space is develop forever

QUESTION ID: 7TIMF5QF8BZWOS4
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to reduce serum triglycerides?.?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am 54 male diabetic and  have Hypertension have under gone CABG.(By pass sugery) .4 years ago ,now my LIPID profile says TG as 184 .pl let me know how to reduce TG.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84703
Cardiovascular exercise and low-moderate carbohydrate diets containing essential fatty acid are recommended for reducing triglyceride levels. When these fail, fish oils, fibrate drugs, niacin, and some statins are registered for reducing triglyceride levels. Prior alcohol intake can cause elevated levels of triglycerides, and reducing alcohol intake is routinely recommended in patients with high triglyceride levels.Eat a low-cholesterol, low-fat diet. This kind of diet includes cottage cheese, fat-free milk, fish (not canned in oil), vegetables, poultry, egg whites, and polyunsaturated oils and margarines (corn, safflower, canola, and soybean oils). Avoid foods with excess fat in them such as meat (especially liver and fatty meat), egg yolks, whole milk, cream, butter, shortening, lard, pastries, cakes, cookies, gravy, peanut butter, chocolate, olives, potato chips, coconut, cheese (other than cottage cheese), coconut oil, palm oil, and fried foods.Please see the webpages for more details on Triglycerides.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14041
Eat less fatty foods. Eat more low fat foods. Reduce your carbohydrate intake. Oatmeal helps to reduce triglycerides, but if this is an ongoing problem...you may try medication. There are tons of meds out there that can help.You need to make dietary changes....exercise more if you can and possibly start on medication. Hyperlipidemia (elevated triglycerides) is a red flad for a strokelater in life...not to mention coronary artery disease, which sounds like you already have....hence the CABG.Take care of your body and your body will take care of you....Best wishes.

QUESTION ID: 7TQ1QLY85R43Y6C
QUESTION SUBJECT: waht is lymphoma and how it is traeted?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87335
Lymphoma is the name of a diverse group of cancers of the lymphatic system, a connecting network of glands, organs and vessels whose principle cell is the lymphocyte.When lymphoma occurs, cells in the lymphatic system grow abnormally. They divide too rapidly and grow without any order or control. Too much tissue is formed and tumors begin to grow. Because there is lymph tissue in many parts of the body, the cancer cells may involve the liver, spleen, or bone marrow.Two general types of lymphoma are commonly recognized: Hodgkin s disease or Hodgkin s lymphoma (HD), and Non-Hodgkin s lymphoma (NHL). The two are distinguished by cell type. These differ significantly in respect of their natural histories and their response to therapy. Hodgkin s disease tends to be primarily of nodal origin. Non-Hodgkin s lymphomas, unlike HD, can spread beyond the lymphatic system.The treatment of lymphomas depends on the type of lymphoma diagnosed. Lymphomas in the low-grade group are usually not treated, since treatment does not increase life expectancy. Patients who have Hodgkin s disease or who have intermediate or high-grade non-Hodgkin s lymphoma are usually treated with chemotherapy with or without concurrent radiation. Most cases ofHodgkin s disease and more than half the cases of intermediate and high-grade non-Hodgkin s lymphomas are potentially curable. Persons with low-grade non-Hodgkin s lymphomas usually have a life expectancy of 7???10 years, although some live considerably longer. Treatment protocols are now being developed for the low-grade lymphomas in the hope of increasing life expectancy.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45253
Here is where you ll find the best info:http://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/hm_llsBest wishes

QUESTION ID: 7VWGSBNOJ1H45VT
QUESTION SUBJECT: why  ths sky is blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37054
Ordinary lights are made up of seven colours.We see each of these colours only if they are reflected by something or split of in some other way.When sunlight hits Earth s atmosphere,blue light is scattered by the air and it appears that the sky is blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37056
I don t know, but I know what is greater than god, what rhymes with orange, and where the other dollar went.Maybe some of these people know.http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AoclgkS1HktFEs2SLYLtaoYjzKIX?qid=20060821154042AAsV2bzhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ApB4NoULKJPv_c4BISIwVpUjzKIX?qid=20060811134408AARLZkfhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ag88BdP1h9lITSPAi8YDh4AjzKIX?qid=1006041611802http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Aizsx1hgrMqvhz9tbPuNsEIjzKIX?qid=20060825164415AAJWUy2http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ApQ0l8J8.xB5vkF5.vFS_KsjzKIX?qid=20060722052816AAbMFPUhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AkbB8.VN4op47EpOzaes5UQjzKIX?qid=1006032107844http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Aq33ONPoMvMbun.yFId0oEkjzKIX?qid=1006042425914http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AhyryTihy1jBul7AG8j6fgEjzKIX?qid=1006012620872http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Arqn5ZTyaKWj3WzR7wboMeojzKIX?qid=1006011202888http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ap3PJ0WszarVUmcap8Vg7vEjzKIX?qid=20060813200908AAnqaqjhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=An1wzBRDduFBmyp.BDeCWCQjzKIX?qid=1006040818438http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ao4rNLiPVAzoqQgIUK2u1ssjzKIX?qid=1006031103740http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AhSG0tAd0ZjaPExf9SxxUQkjzKIX?qid=1006040108864http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AlcA.9_OnDeZMcIW7x4Pg.4jzKIX?qid=20060911160516AASK6kZhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AmyCiOHsHvH1ku0jBR3YxlUjzKIX?qid=20060628231238AAiWz6Uhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Aoi.c3dAx9zW8U4LQPPE2JEjzKIX?qid=20060616180125AAvNKTnhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AmqMxXnrOkMlYpN1Vc9IXAwjzKIX?qid=1006040310353http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ApW1ZbaNhDq90npoSzAnXNkjzKIX?qid=20061023032754AAlFjvShttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AiEtYfYwf_vLbqv7wEtPVZAjzKIX?qid=20061031132405AAoinmyhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=An3KoJgue4YbPSuviXb6iAsjzKIX?qid=1006012702627http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=As_jCpUVf0fQZbI0m6jVHu0jzKIX?qid=20060714175655AAkV5ZLhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Alyg4XdtZN1Fgrpk7oNWUWojzKIX?qid=20060902201926AAvDW4Fhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AjKH9VcgDwYwtsIL5m5zIm8jzKIX?qid=20060917102726AAQ6BIphttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AnGVlCFMwPR_ZW6Ee0sT2EYjzKIX?qid=20061001113851AAYOfXwhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ak.UBSRjlgri6x2EZoM6.fQjzKIX?qid=1006052318763http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AvRUqw8oYiX.qC35sWrXJV0jzKIX?qid=20061027091041AAh31DXhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AgLMilgKNcRsXrqmsi9APCcjzKIX?qid=1006033028773http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AgyArbukxAdqs_rrxC5QAlgjzKIX?qid=1006052409787http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AjryLsGlnIYaxzGhB0g.hIQjzKIX?qid=1006042309777http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Atee7zDSNi53HYuTwvGd1uIjzKIX?qid=1005121103085http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AsSB9VfhfPyVIFNwJeRuOAojzKIX?qid=20060924185828AARoBwBhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Akr7uA3VROmVJkKT0noTphIjzKIX?qid=20060927145312AA1ndKzhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ApD.5jNrjBY_hP6qxUN.x5sjzKIX?qid=20061031065205AA1afekhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AkZxTkLGHTPuUkJ4QtjeC5QjzKIX?qid=1006041014669http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AnUsYy_SsCbi9IuDCEQk9f8jzKIX?qid=1006012704082http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ahdfv9gyqgQThnMdeQxa.FQjzKIX?qid=20060727202558AACNOFUhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AjIzjTgSb4vLIHq7E4eoDawjzKIX?qid=20061003084712AADxBphhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AhW3Yf7g4npIIozpKl72f1wjzKIX?qid=20060828125726AAHcdPuhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AskAQELK4KNHCexVka61JGcjzKIX?qid=20060813192614AAiUpjXhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AnMcMD4V9xUZ4ZbuHCeExsYjzKIX?qid=20061003184338AAclkqKhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AoC0VQTwrzTz.CArXBLuq5nzy6IX?qid=20061103184517AAGro4vhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AgNOc.HJ7fA2EANypqHn6.vzy6IX?qid=20061104180448AArI3XYhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AqgJhvE6mR7HEv4Rg0aZzwQjzKIX?qid=20061106085932AAOhRmNhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AslF_KFXEwBVzawax.ciV0MjzKIX?qid=20061105211815AAtjF1khttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AtF9.mZxoKYzfty4_KsZWfYjzKIX?qid=20061107112457AArRAJyhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AkHOPhmTj6DNMp_EBjmRE54jzKIX?qid=20061105123405AA61bozhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AsS.2mAhJeUl3KJrTpZiTMQjzKIX?qid=20061108091236AAcyyQthttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Aum3Ann4zjH7ta8mItya9w7zy6IX?qid=20061112153359AAQIB3Ehttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AhRzNG.JpENJj_Nbb9parBcjzKIX?qid=20061114143949AAOgKGfhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AtUclHup.DfhrR805Lkq1Z4jzKIX?qid=20061117114801AAeFpnshttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=As99F6gRc9zcCeXXvJY8XXojzKIX?qid=20061114195824AAmsrdBhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AuSA8ZDbDtCs6iu9Xk_YFq8jzKIX?qid=20061117223831AAzyPRPhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=As.xULUPUbe9BEmTKAktiHYjzKIX?qid=20061118211355AAcKl6xhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AiykfqoMeJIcyHkYsiQxXfEjzKIX?qid=20061119123632AA7eovdhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AiP4Bn9iM8_nhGhHUYHKcpojzKIX?qid=20061119173400AAnRbCEhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AhBDMfsQSAZDc9qTiOeyY_IjzKIX?qid=20061117205733AAZGSVqhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ArD_LdsYja7DjE.sIgNvqXwjzKIX?qid=20061117114801AAeFpnshttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ArXS4XPOnF9VWPfWRu0wRRYjzKIX?qid=20061119114915AAnaq2Ghttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AoX0nHaxQqm4HT9pZYJ.J5AjzKIX?qid=20061120003558AAPDXvIhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AjoDkmoljp0PJOMwp9HNcWMjzKIX?qid=20061120003326AA43pWR

QUESTION ID: 7W7FAIUNH1HFWTE
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does fantasy football, basketball, and baseball work? and tell me where can i sign in please?!?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79708
It s too late to sign up for basketball, and baseball hasn t started yet. To sign up for any Yahoo fantasy sport, make sure you have a Yahoo ID and go to fantasysports.yahoo.com. Every sport has its rules. All of them are free, but they have add-ons (like live stats and extended player rankings) that you can buy if you want.Anyway, you get in a league with other fantasy managers. Everybody drafts a group of real players, and the stats those players pick up during the year are added to your fantasy team s stats. You can trade players with other fantasy managers if you are weak in one area. Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27817
It s basically the stats the players put up in real life gets added up in different catorgories in these leagues, it s fun because you don t need to spend much time on it. Feel free to join my league.League Name: Free Steroids Please  Password: barry  Draft Type: Live Draft   Draft Time: Fri Feb 17 5:30pm GMT [ Add to My Calendar]Max Teams: 12  Scoring Type: Rotisserie   Player Universe: All baseball   Max Moves: No maximum   Max Trades: No maximum   Trade Reject Time: 2   Trade End Date: August 13, 2006   Waiver Time: 2 days   Can t Cut List Provider: Yahoo! Sports   Trade Review: League Votes   Max Games Played: 162   Max Innings Pitched: 1250   Start Scoring on: Sunday, Apr 2   Weekly Deadline: Daily - Tomorrow   Roster Positions: C, 1B, 2B, 3B, SS, OF, OF, OF, Util, Util, Util, SP, SP, RP, RP, P, P, P, BN, BN, BN, DL   Stat Categories: R, H, HR, RBI, SB, TB, AVG, OPS, W, SV, K, HLD, ERA, WHIP

QUESTION ID: 81CEOJHJXWSP5J4
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does the body tend reject organ transplants but not blood transfusions when blood type is matched?
QUESTION CONTENT: Even sibling organ transplants suffer from the rejection syndrome. But blood transfusions are accepted by the body with simple type matching and no need for rejection-suppression drugs. I m curious why the body does not treat foreign blood as it does a foreign organ.Curious minds want to know!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21573
as far as i understand there really isn t much genetic material in blood and therefore it is not necessary to get a more detailed match.  we all have pretty much the same blood.  but i do think that if you get the wrong blood type it causes a similar reaction as rejecting an organ.  organs do have genetic material and therefore are person specific.  and therefore the matching is much more complicated.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21574
The reasons for your body rejecing organs and blood cells are different, although they both have to do with receptors and cell communication.  Blood is simple.  It is simply a transfusion of cells.  Your white blood cells are not alerted as they are in the case of organ transplantation.  The reason for blood rejection is actually coagulation that occurs as a result of different blood types being mixed.  There are three different bloot types, A, B and O  B blood types have B receptors and actually have anti-A antigens and A blood types have A receptors and anti-B antigens so if they are mixed, the antigens attatch to the other blood type s receptors causing the cells to clump together and restrict blood flow.  The reason an O blood type is the universal donor is because it contains neither A nor B antigens and so is safe to transmit into another blood type.  So it is the actual red blood cells causing the rejection.  On the other hand, your white blood cells attack foreign organs because they recognize them as a foreign object.  There are special types of receptors on your ordinary organs that tell your white blood cells that they are supposed to be there, and therefore your cells don t attack.  There are multiple factors that control this, so it is possible to find a closer match with some receptors in common so the effect is not as severe, but unless you receive the organ from a twin, it is near impossible, so you must always be on some kind of immuno-suppressant to prevent your white blood cells from attacking the organ.

QUESTION ID: 81Q26E3ARJXWVX2
QUESTION SUBJECT: Those of you who are unschooling how did you transition?
QUESTION CONTENT: I know many are unschooled from day one but my 9 yo daughter has been in public school K-4th and we ve had it.  Next year, 5th will be homeschooled.  We really believe unschooling  is the best way to go.My concern is deprograming her.  Those of you who started later in your education career, how did you transend? I have a friend who simply give her boys books and let them read.  They loved it.  However, my daughter is Dyslexic and has ADD.  She is intelecteually sharp but slow in processing, movement and speech so we feel the homeschool/unschool route will be best, I would simply like ideas for jump starting this endevor.Thank you both so much.  I m feeling better and better about this all the time. We are leaving her in school for the remainder of the year but may pull her sooner.  Thanks again.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73545
My son was in public schools through fourth grade. I actually pulled my kids a week before school let out because the last few weeks were such a nightmare. I have a child with severe autism, she doesn t enjoy reading, in fact, at 8yo, when I pulled them from school, she could not read at all. She can now, thanks to homeschooling (individual attention and time to develop on their own)Iwould start by exploring. She doesn t enjoy reading at this point, so let it go. I d learn hands on, visit as many places as you can, not just zoos and museums, but stores and groceries and any place. Let her explore lake shores and woodlands and parking lots. Just let her play for a while. Let her ask questions, no matter how stressed or embarrassed you are. My 7yo spent an hour at the cookie factory (at the mall?) today asking all kinds of questions about how they decorate the cookies, how they get the pictures on, where the dough comes from, etc etc. It was amazing. I had to be patient because I had my list of things that I wanted to accomplish, and I was kind of embarrassed, but they were kind and enjoyed explaining things to her.Also look at unschoolingbasics yahoo group. You ll find a lot of information. But why wait? If you ve had it, pull her now! Let her spend the next six months decompressing. We started with a school-at-home, and thank goodness I was put on bedrest! WIthout that I might still be thinking that School At Home was the way to go...this has worked better for OUR family.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22761
You are on the right track; de-schooling is very important.It takes a while for her to trust that she can learn without having to be told what to do next, when, where, and how.Don t be surprised if she asks several times a day, what do I do next ?The hardest thing for parents, and children alike is to come to the conclusion that learning is not confined to certain hours, days, or a specific place (classroom).Learning is also NOT confined to separate subjects, or textbooks.Everything in life connects to each other.With us the process of moving from structured schooling to unschooling, although we have home schooled for several years, was slow.It was the children who lead us there slow but sure; we saw they could, and gave them a say in how to proceed.We went from traditional classical, to unit studies, to relaxed, to unschooling.We still do math, literature, and writing in a more traditional manner, but everything else we learn by reading great books, together, or on our own.We play lots of games, and use 4H and other activities as electives ; 4H has many great programs, including toast masters (speech, debate, and demonstrations).for a great game selection try;http://www.educationallearninggames.com/educational-board-games.aspComputer:http://www.planetcdrom.com/cgi-bin/shop?cat=1223&cid=10937914-1708833384&cpg=24&selcat=1001Unschooling means learning at your own pace even more freely than home schooling with a prescribed curriculum; we call it books (school) in a box :)It works for some, but given a choice I have not met a youngster yet that would choose that route for themselves, why?, because it s not natural to learn in that manner; it s forced, and disconnected from real life.There are many great sites that have information, and ideas.It s like a buffet, you pick and choose what works for your family, and dismiss what does not.At first it will come with a bit; in our case a lot of trail and error, but do not give up.Even if she jumps from one subject to another at first, once she sees she can learn about what she is interested in, and learn as much about it as she d like she will start focusing much more.Here a a few sites that may be of some help:Click on the purple box for a nice little video to illustrate why home/unschooling can work for so many children.http://www.raisingsmallsouls.com/Click on methods/unschooling.http://homeschooling.gomilpitas.com/http://sandradodd.com/unschoolinghttp://ulfaq.home.comcast.net/~ulfaq/ULfaq.htmlhttp://www.unschooling.com/
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22828
No offense, but we re all born dyslexic and ADD is a made up illness by school officials so they can t be held accountable for screwing up a child. Let the child play for a year. Provide a nurturing, safe&loving environment for your child. Also provide some resources and/or activities and let her choose among them. If she chooses not to use them or participate then that is also fine. She needs time to heal from the damage caused by being institutionalized all these years. Most parents naively send their children to public school but eventually learn that is the worst place possible for a growing child. Count your blessings you learned now and not years from now. This happens all the time. I could give you a timeline for what you ve experienced and could tell you just what you ve been through without you ever telling me first. Don t recreate the school at home or pressure her to school . Read The Homeschooling Book of Answers by Linda Dobson http://guerrillahomeschooling.blogspot.com/2007/11/book-review-homeschooling-book-of.html and The Underground History of American Education by John Taylor Gatto http://www.johntaylorgatto.com/index.htm. Good luck&remember to let her be a child free of labels and school induced failure.

QUESTION ID: 83CEEMU1ZDRKHHY
QUESTION SUBJECT: Intregrity in the Medical field?? Does it exist?? and then again How would you know?
QUESTION CONTENT: How does one trust a new doctor?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 20978
Yes, but there s plenty of the opposite too.I twice resigned from posts because I was asked to do thjings I considered unethical - aimed at making more money rather than being in the best interests of the patients.(I was glad I didn t have a family to support, or the decision might have been tougher)Finding good practitioners?There s nothing better than the personal recommendation of friends, neighbours and colleagues.  And that s not perfect.Optometrist, retired.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2214
Dear myopia cure promoter ,Please stop posting the same ridiculously long post.Thank you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63808
Yes, it does exist, but EXTREMELY rare.You would know by asking them some quesions.In the case of the optical (optometry) field, you would ask them these questions: Myope: Can you prevent myopia (neasightedness)?Dr. 1   : Nope.Myope: Can you control myopia?Dr. 1   : Nope.Myope: Can you reduce myopia?Dr. 1   : Nope.Myope: Can you cure myopia?Dr. 1   :NopeMyope: Can you fit me with a pair of eyeglasses?Dr. 1   : Yes.Myope: Are you an Eye Doctor or an Eyeglass Fitter?Dr. 1   : ...............    Myope: Can you prevent, control, reduce or cure myopia?Dr. 2   : Nope, nope, nope and ...... nope.Myope: Can you fit me with a pair of eyeglasses?Dr. 2   : Yes.   Myope: Why are you called an Eye Doctor if you can t do anything other than prescribing or fiting eyeglasses?   Dr. 2   : ............... Myope                : Can you prevent myopia?Proper Eye Care: Yes, this is the easiest thing to do.Myope                : Can you control myopia?Proper Eye Care: Yes, this is not that hard either.Myope                : Can you reduce myopia?Proper Eye Care: Yes.Myope                : Can you cure myopia?Proper Eye Care: Yes, if your myopia is not too severe, like -10.00D or so.Myope                : Can you fit me with a pair of eyeglasses?    Proper Eye Care:  Yes, but we do not promote wearing corrective glasses.  What we promote is preventing and curing myopia so that you do not have to rely on the corrective glasses for the rest of your life.  Besides, you may also have to deal with problems like retinal detachment if you do not keep your myopia under control and let it progresses year after year, thinking that it is normal for myopia to progress until you reach adulthood.  If treated properly, myopia progression stops at childhood.http://www.geocities.com/myopiacure/comparison.html How does one trust a new doctor? Since you asked, again, in the optometry field, one should not trust a doctor (and the flawed education he/she received) if he/she can t, at the very least, control myopia, i.e, stop myopia progression.Take a look at the picture/graph (How Myopia Progresses) in this page:http://www.geocities.com/myopiacureAnd this page, How Myopia Progresses (ILLUSTRATED), which explains myopia progression:http://www.geocities.com/myopiacure/How_Myopia_Progresses.htmlAlso take a look at this EXCELLENT narrated animationthat explains nearsightedness progression and how to PREVENT NEARSIGHTEDNESS:http://www.preventmyopia.org/animation.htmlSome examples of doctor who one can trust.Practicing eye doctors who help people see better without glasses or surgery.http://www.i-see.org/eyedocs.htmlhttp://www.visiontherapy.netInternational Myopia Prevention Associationhttp://www.myopia.orghttp://www.preventmyopia.orghttp://www.geocities.com/myopiacurehttp://www.chinamyopia.orgInternational Society for the Enhancement of Eyesighthttp://www.i-see.orghttp://www.myopiafree.comI hope I have answered your questions, if not, send me an email.I m an ophthalmic optician (known professionally as optometrists in US and Canada)http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UK_Opticians

QUESTION ID: 83DVBOSUKTESFDF
QUESTION SUBJECT: You don t dig up your great, great grandfather- why dig up Tutankhamen?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4182
This is really a good question.  But the answer can get off into philosophy or some strain of human nature.  Basically, there s nothing noteworthy in digging up someone from the near past who lived a simple life, not old enough to be of historical significance.  Now there is a totally different aspect to archeology that can take many books to explain.  The curiosity in man is more than that of any other species (cept for our cat), and it manifests itself in stories like the digging dude from England, Howard Carter and his money-man, Lord Carnarvon.  There are a few times and places that I would go back in time for a fun visit, and being with Carter for the discovery of Tut s tomb would have ranked high on my list.  I also would have liked to have been on the Senate floor in Rome on March 15, 44 b.c.., but that s another story.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4183
I must agree with Earth Calling completely, personally I wouldn t have dug up any of their tombs, but man is a naturally curious creature and now it can t be undone.I am interested in Egyptology, how can you not be in such an advanced civilisation thousands of years old?I went to Egypt for my summer holidays last year and did visit Cairo museum, as I do all great museums, I also visited the Valley of the Kings, but drew the line at going in Tutankhamen s tomb as a mark of respect for the dead, appart from the irrelevant fact that it s quite a boring tomb compared to the other great Pharaohs, remember he only reigned for ten years and was a relatively unimportant King, he is only famous because his tomb was not robbed like all the others so yielded such a wealth of treasures and information.As far as we know Tutankhamen is the only mummy still in the valley, and contrary to David s point it is poorly preserved because of it s disturbance and contact with the air since 1922.Because the tombs were litterally hacked out of rock by hand, it could take up to thirty years to build a big one, the builders usually started as soon as the new Pharaoh was appointed, and many Pharaohs,  Tutankhamen included died before their tombs were completely ready.I include a three photographs that I took last year as a matter of interest, the first is a scale model of the valley inside the main entrance, which shows the position of all the known tombs and details of their original occupants, at the last count I think it was about 65 in total, the second is of two tombs in the side of the mountain, and the third Tutankhamen s tomb which unusually, (only one of six) that were built underground, which is one of the reasons he was the last to be discovered and not robbed.The main, and quite amazing  reason it was not robbed, was that 186 years after his death, Ramses Vl was buried immediately behind his tomb in the side of the mountain, as was the norm, and as the builders did not know of it s existence, they dumped all the rubble on top of his tomb, further covering up it s presence.Howard Carter discovered the tomb completely by accident in 1922, that was 2,599 years after Tutankhamen s death.I hope you found all that as interesting as I did.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4184
Because if Howard Carter backed by Lord Carnarffon and the entire Egyptian establishment had not allowed King Tutankhamun to be dug up, as you put it, sooner or later someone else might have dug him up and they might just have stolen his treasures.  This is exactly what happend in antquity and was still happening in Egypt when Carter and co were there and is probably still happening today.Lets be blunt about it.  If you walk near the Pyamids at Giza and shuffle your feet in the sand, you are walking in and standing on ancient artifacts, however small they may be.It s with thanks to the Egyptians and Howard Carter that we are able to gaze upon the fabulous treasures of King Tutankhamun.One can only imagine what the treasures of such great Kings as Ramses might have been like.  We must remember that King Tutankhamun was buried in a hurry.Most of the Kings of Egypt had their graves robbed either in antiquity while Egypt was still great or by the Greeks or even the Romans.  The Romans in particular were notorious gansters and just took anything they wanted.The Egyptians themselves have much to do with the theft of properties of the Kings.  Who can blame them?  Not I.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7774
Because Carter s great-great grandfather was not a Pharaoh who died young and suspiciously
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62554
I don t know where my great, great grandfather is buried, but you are welcome to dig up  him or any other of my ancestors you can find.They re dead.  All you re going to find is bones or rotting corpses, if that.  They don t care and I don t either.I think so little of a dead body and am so disgusted by funeral rites that I am being cremated, but if I were not, you would be welcome to dig me up, too.

QUESTION ID: 84JWPUDKOQRS75N
QUESTION SUBJECT: How safe is microwaving. Does the radiation cause cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: With the number of cancer patients increasing everyday, does microwave radiation in any way cause cancer?  does the radiation affect the food and which in turn if consumed, pose a health hazard?if plastic is not good, then how safe is rubber maid and other branded containers?  or should we use only ceramic or glass bowls.is standing near the microwave also dangerous and exposes us to radiation.  what is the concept behind microwaving.  what radio waves are used.  how is it that food is heated from centre to outside?an egg with the shell bursts if microwaved.  but even a hard boiled cold egg if re-heated bursts.should we use microwave only for defrosting, thawing or re-heating?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84633
The radiation produced by a microwave oven is non-ionizing. As such, it does not have the cancer risks associated with ionizing radiation such as X-rays, ultraviolet light, and nuclear radioactive decay. Any cancer risk from microwave ovens would necessarily occur by an unknown mechanism. Such a mechanism, if existent, would also need to be far weaker than that for ionizing radiation, since long-term rodent studies of a type which easily identify cancer risks of ionizing radiation, have so far failed to clearly identify any carcinogenicity from 2450 MHz microwave radiation at chronic (large fraction of life span) exposure levels, far larger than humans are likely to encounter even from leaking ovens.Tobacco use is the single largest preventable cause of cancer in the world. One fifth of all cancers worldwide are caused by a chronic infection, for example human papillomavirus (HPV) causes cervical cancer and hepatitis B virus (HBV) causes liver cancer. 40% of cancer could be prevented, mainly by not using tobacco, having a healthy diet, being physically active and preventing infections that may cause cancer.Please see the webpage for more details on Microwave oven.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35838
No proof to that effect. if you are going to worry about every report of a possible cancer in mice you will live on an island on cocanuts.

QUESTION ID: 8530KBKZV56IZ1K
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can i compare and contrast spring and neap tides?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76880
The moon is responsible for about 2/3 of the tide, and the sun is responsible for about 1/3 of the tide. There are also effects from the other planets and celestial bodies, but since they are further away and/or smaller, the effects are much less. The tides are caused because on one side of the earth, the gravitational pull of the moon (and other bodies) pulls the water away from the earth, and makes a big lump we call a high tide. On the other side of the earth, the earth gets pulled away from the water, leaving another big lump. That is why in most places we see 2 tides a day (although in some places there are no tides, or 1 tide a day, or more than 2 a day). When the moon and the sun pull together, you get spring tides. When the moon and the sun are not pulling together, but at cross purposes, you get neap tides. There are tides in the atmosphere too, and in the ground, as you might expect. It is not just in the water, but we can see the water tides easiest in the oceans and some big lakes.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8233
spring tides are when the earth sun and moon line up. That when you get the highest high tides and the lowest low tides, then for neap tide its when the sun earth and moon make a right angle, then you get the highest low tides and the lowest high tides.so compare the line up and the size of the tides.

QUESTION ID: 85L212F6LM8UMOE
QUESTION SUBJECT: But if the percentage of CO2 is so tiny (0.045%) how can that have a significant effect?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3112
The change in the radiative forcing of that tiny bit of CO2 is around 1.6 W/m^2.  The change in radiative forcing due to the Milankovitch oscillations that cause the great ice ages is but a fraction of that (and that is not even a real change in the radiative forcing, but more like a change in the distribution of the insolation as a function of the Earth s tilt).  In terms of the total radiative forcing for CO2, the 1.6 W/m^2 is comparable to the 0.25% increase in solar output from the Maunder minimum of the little Ice Age to today, except that change happened over 600 years, not 60.  Furthermore, the forcing for CO2 is only going to increase as CO2 concentrations increase.If you think CO2 is unimportant, you don t understand the physics of radiative transfer through inhomogeneous atmospheres and natural cycles associated with Earth s radiative balance.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61024
The heat balance isvery delicate, the balance between solar heat from the sun and heat leaking out to space. Any tiny little change in either changes the Earth s crust s temperature, especially the oceans.CO2 has a significant effect on how much heat is left captured in Earth. Every fraction of a degree counts. That, in a nutshell, is global warming.

QUESTION ID: 877T1DM0C8RTZGL
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long will it take to loose the inches off my waist???
QUESTION CONTENT: I have started working out recently and am 15, bout 6 ft n 14stonei want to know how long it will take to not loose weight necciserialy but to loose inches off of my waist.I work out 45mins a day everyday 7 days a weeki burn roughly 350 caloriesi want to know if i should speed up the process by doing more excercise if so what??i just need help lol x
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5047
The Bizzle x,Sorry about the previous response, I actually got it confused with another program that I am using to gain muscle mass and strength.  I ve found that the combination of the best of several programs works the best for me to get the results I am looking for.To answer your question, I did buy the book at http://www.topsecretbellyfatloss.com and it is working really well for me.  Like I said, losing weight around the midsection isn t an isolated thing.  You can t just do crunches or situps, and expect to lose weight there.  It has to be a combination of cardio, proper diet, and compound exercises, which the book on the website goes over in great detail.  The book shows a ton of exercises that involve multiple muscle groups.  Ultimately, by working your entire body, you will be using your core and weight will come off that area before youknow it.All that aside, it does take hard work, especially controlling what and how you eat.  You have to eat 5-6 small meals a day, and have a proper intake of protein, carbs, and other vital nutrients.  I see too many friends work really hard at the gym, only to lose their progress by eating burgers and drinking beer all the time.  It s frustrating!  So, if you re looking to shed some pounds around your midsection, definitely pick up the book at http://www.topsecretbellyfatloss.com It ll give you the lowdown on what you need to do, all in one place.Good luck with your mission!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5048
just working on weight machines only spot reduce fat. If you want to lose fat on your waist, I suggest you do abdominal exercises - situps, crunches, obliques, etc. To lose overall fat, cardio is the best choice.I think that your current routine is pretty good. It helps if you are gradually increasing reps and sets, but don t over-do it.

QUESTION ID: 88RE8KL2GAXK4EY
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can one be perfect in an imperfect world?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 1406
Every human being can become a perfect by following the path of Mahavira, Gautama Buddha, Jesus Christ or Prophet Mohammed! All these man gods (human gods) gained enlightenment (kaivalya jnana) in their lifetime. And what does enlightenment mean? Enlightenment is removing the dross... the impurities within the soul atman!Right from the first manifestation as an amoeba (single cell formation) to the last as a human being... the cosmic crux of life is eradicating the impurities within the soul atman! As the impurities reduce gradually... the soul atman manifests evolved forms of life! Starting as an amoeba it further evolves into multi-cell formation, insect life, plant life, animal life and finally the form of human beings.Only in the human form the soul atman within regains its original pure pristine form. This happens when one gains the status of Mahavira, Gautama Buddha, Jesus Christ or Prophet Mohammed! Gaining enlightenment is the absolute crux of life! Beyond enlightenment there is nothing to achieve further in the cosmic system.In the human form alone we have 1.1 million manifestations. The initial 7.3 manifestations are spent in the insect, plant and animal form! Never from heaven or hell can the soul atman regain absolute purity. Only in the human form... the soul atman within reaches the cosmic end of life... the 8.4 millionth manifestation!The moment one gains enlightenment... becomes an enlightened one like Mahavira, Gautama Buddha, Jesus Christ or Prophet Mohammed... all is over for the soul atman within! The world... the manifested world... our Mother Earth acts as a sojourn for the soul atman within. Releasing self from the ocean of Samsara (worldly life) is the goal of every soul atman!Gaining perfection... becoming a Mahavira, Gautama Buddha, Jesus Christ or Prophet Mohammed in life is difficult... but not impossible! By treading the path of spirituality one finally crosses the ocean of Samsara. Spirituality is following the path of absolute truthfulness, practicing absolute celibacy for a minimum period of 12 years and so on.Establishing absolute control over the five senses and the mind is a prerequisite. The moment one gains control over senses and the mind... we reach the stage of Nirvikalpa Samadhi when one can have a dialogue with God on one-to-one basis and that too permanently. Following Neti (not this, not this) one finally reaches the kingdom of God (aka Baikuntha in Hinduism).Neti is best followed the Shavasana way. Neti must be practiced as advocated and preached by Maharishi Ramana. When everything else in the Cosmos gets negated... what remains is God Almighty! The moment one becomes perfect... one can interact with God Almighty every second of life! Having gained enlightenment one finally reaches the stage of salvation (moksha). More on Enlightenment - http://www.godrealized.com/enlightenment.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15349
The less we see imperfection in our surroundings, in other people and in things ,the more perfect we become.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32652
hi @n!L....          dude 2 tell u de fact....de world iz perfect but de ppl stayin in de world r not perfect.....as a result itz alwayz lyk de world iz not perfect.....but no....if ppl guide their ownselves,.....then ppl can become perfect....but dear there z alwayz hav been a famous sayin....NOBODY S PERFECT.....n i do agree wid dis....tc...sweet dreamz....bye.......*****Be kOoL...bUt dOn frEezE.....*****.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47543
One who fully surrenders to the Supreme Lord. Also known as Krishna, Allah, Jehovah, Vishnu, Rama, etc.) Then we become perfectly situated in transcendence.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47544
Your question itself contains or suggests the answer. However the question can not be ignored from an ethical and academic sense. No answer can be deemed to be a perfect answer. In fact there are no dictionary entries to the word perfection Hence I shall explain what are the enigma s related to this topic. 1.0 Perfect refers to that which contains all requisite parts.2.0 Perfect refers to that which is so good that nothing could be better.3.0 Perfect indicates that which has achieved its purpose.In general, we can take perfect to mean flawlessness or completeness .But there arises a singular paradox. THE GREATEST PERFECTION IS IMPERFECTION . Let me explain this statement below:-a) If the world were perfect, it means , the world does not need any further improvement. In other words, the world could not improve any more, so would lack TRUE PERFECTION . The dichotomy is in the sense that perfection itself  depends on progress. b) When we attach the meaning completeness to the word perfect , another paradox shoots up. One can attain perfection only from incompleteness for the latter possesses potential for developments of new and more characteristics for exploratory research.The above argument not only applies to human beings but also to technology. For example the prerequisite of production ofsemiconductors is the contaminants in the crystal itself. Imperfection is perfect in technology because the irregularity is useful, as it happens in the production of semiconductors.However in mathematics, the number 10 is stated to be a perfect number as the fingers in both the hands add up to 10.The number 6 is also referred to be a perfect number in a mathematical sense. One sixth of six is 1; one third of six is 2; half of six is 3; two thirds of six is 4; five sixth of six is 5; and six divided by one is 6. There are references in physics and chemistry like a perfect gas is one.....; a perfect Chrystal or plastic is that....,; a perfectly black body is one ...;.;  a perfect  gas equation is that.....;.. and so on.Now it is my turn to voice how can one be perfect in an imperfect world ?????
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68213
The world may be imperfect but one can be perfect in this world by doing his duty as a citizen .It is only the people who live in the world who have made this world imperfect and it is only us-we the citizens who can make the world perfect by being perfect ourselves first and then encourage others to do so!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68214
We were not made to be perfect, we were made to be human.  Humans make mistakes, period.  All we can do is to learn from our mistakes so we understand why we made them, and don t repeat them.  I don t believe in perfect people, I think that would be as boring to God as it is for us.  In the beginning, according to my sources, God made man so he would be company, I think both He and we would be bored stiff if everything here was perfect!(((hugs))) and may peace be with you

QUESTION ID: 8AWCWQGGERJ1NCM
QUESTION SUBJECT: How would the kidney respond to an injury that caused severe blood loss?
QUESTION CONTENT: A. the afferent arterioles would constrict, the efferent arterioles would dilate.B. both the afferent and efferent arterioles would constrict.C. blood loss does not alter kidney function.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7395
I am not sure about my answer but I tried to conclude it from reading from differnt sources:If you lose a lot of blood, the amount of iron and red blood cells in your body decreases so it will be harder for the bone marrow to rebuild blood cells The bone marrow also needs a stimulus to make blood. That stimulus is the hormone erythropoietin (you may here us call it EPO in the clinics). Erythropoietin is primarily made by the kidney in response to anemia and tells the bone marrow when to make blood. When the kidneys begin to fail, they make less and less erythropoietin and the patient then develops anemia.So you can say as a response the kidney makes more Erythropoitin. This requires the efferent arterioles (the one that controls blood outflow) to constrict (to stop blood outflow==bleeding). However at the same time, the affernt arterioles would also contrict to prevent the blood inflow and decrease the blood pressure (blood pressure will later cause more bleeding).This was a conclusionbased of facts taken from those two websites, but not a certain answer:http://www.kidney-hypertension.com/anemia.htmhttp://www.nature.com/ki/journal/v59/n1/full/4492009a.htmlI would say the answer is B Good luck BSalaam
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21330
blood loss that causes shock can damage the kidneys and can lead to acute renal failure.

QUESTION ID: 8DEXKK2W8122E1U
QUESTION SUBJECT: What are the symptons of ovarian cancer, and how do I deecifer them from ordinary problems?
QUESTION CONTENT: How can I tell if I have any of the symptoms or if I am just over-analyzing?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84305
First of all please consult an oncologist telling your problems. His is the best judge to evaluate the stage and grade and treatments to be given etc. What we can tell you here are only general things, which you yourself can get from webpages and books. As it is Ovarian Cancer is a dangerous type of cancer and require immediate attention. So do the needful as above. Best of Luck. However I am giving the symptoms you may notice about this disease for your informationOvarian cancer is a malignant ovarian neoplasm (an abnormal growth located on the ovaries).Symptomssense of pelvic heaviness vaginal bleeding weight gain or weight loss abnormal menstrual cycles unexplained back pain that worsens over time increased abdominal girth non specific gastrointestinal symptoms: vague lower abdominal discomfort increased gas indigestion lack of appetite nausea and vomiting inability to ingest usual volumes of food bloating Additional symptoms that may be associated with this disease: increased urinary frequency/urgency excessive hair growth Note: There may be no symptoms until late in the disease.In particular, women should watch for symptoms occurring in groups and lasting two weeks or more.TreatmentSurgery is the preferred treatment and is frequently necessary for diagnosis. Studies have shown that surgery performed by a specialist in gynecologic oncology usually result in a higher rate of cure. Chemotherapy is used as after surgery to treat any residual disease. Until recently, intravenous chemotherapy was used in treating patients with advanced ovarian cancer. A recent study has shown that women with advanced ovarian cancer live longer if chemotherapy is given into the abdomen. Now doctors are recommending chemotherapy delivered to the abdomen as a preferred method of treating advanced ovarian cancer. This treatment is referred to as intraperitoneal chemoperfusion. Chemotherapy can also be used to treat women who have a recurrence. Radiation therapy is rarely used in ovarian cancer in the United States.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34549
Ovarian cancer is the most deadly of female cancers. The symtpoms mimic gasterointestinal problems. So a woman typically gets treated for dyspepsia, or abdominal pains and by the time ovarian cancer is detected it is usually too late. There is a screeing test called CA-125 that is useful in detection of this cancer.

QUESTION ID: 8G3P7A1QQDZQW4O
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you?
QUESTION CONTENT: lower heart rate, temperature, bood pressure, and breathing rate. Allen separate situations. And all are critical enough to be life threatning.its for biology. And preferably no medicines. More like initial tretment
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2675
Strange question...If any of these are critical enough to be life threatening , then they need immediate, 911 type intervention.But, here s my input:Lower heart rate with carotid massage or Valsalva maneuver (bearing down, or forced expiration against a closed glottis)Lower temperature with cool, wet compresses, undressing the person, or (in extreme cases), iced gastric or peritoneal lavage.Blood pressure can be lowered by calming the person down, sometimes, or relieving pain, if it is present (but that would involve drugs).  You can also remove blood or force a diuresis (but then you re back to drugs again.)  In the real world, blood pressure can be hard to control WITH drugs, and almost impossible to control without them.Respiratory rate can be lowered by calming the person down if it is due to stress.  If there is an underlying reason why the respiratory rate is high, you need to find out what that is.  The increased respiratory rate might be the only thing keeping the person alive, so messing with it isn t a good idea unless youknow the pathophysiology behind the tachypnea.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2676
I m not completely certain I understand what you mean, but I ll give it a shot.  All of these things can be slowed by lack of stimulants.  Also a Central Nervous System depresssant would do all these things, something like Valium, at a pretty high does.  Opiates my have the same effect, as well as Digitalis.  However, I am providing this information just as speculation.  If you are facing a critical life threatening situation, go to the emergency room or call 911.  Oh, the other way to do it is put the person on ice for a while.  Let their body temp drop to around 92 or 93 degrees F.  Like I said, only doctors should be dealing with a situation like this, so I hope you are speaking hypothetlically.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2677
There are things that can be done without the use of meds for all of these things. They should only be done in life threatening situations or by a trained practitioner. To lower the heart rate a carotid message can be done. This is done by firmly stroking the carotid arteries in the neck. This triggers a reaction to slow the heart. There is also the val salva maneuver. This is done when a person bears down as if to have a bowl movement. Actually, this is why some people are found dead in their bathrooms...they have strained too hard and stopped their hearts!! Temperature can be reduced by placing a child in a tepid/luke warm bath or ice packs under arms, groin and back of neck of an adult. Breathing can be slowed by placing a small paper bag over a person s mouth and nose. They are losing too much carbon dioxide. The paper bag will prevent this and return breathing to a normal rate and rhythm. I hope these answers help.

QUESTION ID: 8H6FK0DP0HPS2KP
QUESTION SUBJECT: how long can you live when you have stage 4 liver/spleen cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 15933
Stage 4 cancer can be treated and than it becomes a Stage 3, 2 or 1 . . and hopefully a complete remission. Do not give up, receive treatment and fight. Stage 4 is just a term that doctors use to determine what type of treatment will work best for the patient. Stage 4 is the most difficult to treat, but as long as there is treatment there is hope. Much will depend on the overall health of the patient, age, and response to treatment.My son was diagnosed with a stage IV rare abdominal sarcoma. He had cancer everywhere. His primary tumor was 19cm. He had tumors in the spleen, large and small intestine, chest wall, lympth nodes, abdominal cavity, and hundreds caked onto his right diaphragm and dome of the liver. He responded to high dose chemotherapy and the smaller tumors literally disappeared (dissolved) and the larger ones shrunk. He had a debulking surgery where they removed 75% of the tumors. He continued chemotherapy and underwent a second, cytoreductive surgery with hyperthermic chemoperfusion to the abdomen. They removed his spleen and all cancer. At that point he was in remission for 8 months with no visible signs of disease. His last CT showed 2 small (1 cm) nodules between the domeof the liver and diaphragm . . no disease anywhere else.He is being treated for it.So, you see . . there is hope . . that the stage 4 can become a lesser stage, be controlled with chemo, radiation, or surgery . . and hopefully a complete remission. Good luck and peace to you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38044
are you talking about yourself ? if so it might be wise to get your things in order.However it ain t over till the fat lady sings. a certain percentage of cancers - all cancers i guess disappear without any input from us .your body actually figures out how to beat it .Ronnie Hawkins is one of the lucky ones.

QUESTION ID: 8HRAMX4HODFGXWD
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to quit smoking?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37816
Its just really a hard thing to do. may be this video would help you to quit smoking http://cancernewsnetwork.blogspot.com/2006/12/watch-this-video-before-taking-another.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37817
I used to smoke, too. I was a 1/2-1pack/day smoker, depending on whether or not I had cocktails. Even though I knew smoking was bad for you, I really liked it! I became a nurse on a cancer floor in 1998 and I still continued to smoke until 2000. I took care of a woman who was 38 years old with stage IV lung cancer that had already spread to her brain by the time she got to the doctor. She had a 21 year old daughter, an 18 year old daughter and a 7 year old son. One day she told me, Di, I was always a pretty healthy smoker. If you can find a way to give it up kid-you need to do it. She was having to make plans about who to pick to raise her 7 year old boy because she knew she wasn t going to be around to do it. That really hit home with me because my little girl was only 7 at the time. And I realized it could be me... I also thought about how I didn t want my kids to have to come see me in the hospital. I didn t want to try to have sex with an oxygen tack by the bed, or go shopping in the mall pulling a tank beside me. I stopped and started several times before I finally kicked the habit. I think the main thing that helped me is asking God to change my want to. I prayed, God, we both know that if I want to -I m going to. So if You don t want me smoking, then please help change my want to. And He did! (I heard this from Joyce Meyer and it really worked!) I swear, the very next day cigarettes were less desireable to me. I started noticing how bad they smell and taste. I started thinking differently about them. I also read something that helped, Remeber the urge to smoke will pass whether I have a cigarette or not. If I didn t have one, I would want to smoke. If I had 20-I would still want to smoke, later. So I figured if I was gonna want one or want one I just may as well bite the bullet and make my pain count. Whenever I started having a nicotine fit I just told myself that-and I drank lots and lots of water.  I think women especially have a harder time quitting because we become emotionally, as well as, physically addicted to cigarettes. Your family may let you down, your boyfriend or husband or best friend may not be there when you need them- But those 20 sticks are always there when you re angry, sad, depressed, excited or bored. So I had to identify my triggers. For me, the danger zone was getting angry and drinking alcohol. I haven t smoked since New Year s 2000.  Now I can have a few beers and not want to smoke-MOST of the time. But the urge does pass. Just try not to think about it too much in the beginning. And if you slip and have one-don t get discouraged and think, Oh well, I blew it so now I might as well smoke it up. Throw out the rest of the pack, or whatever,and get back on the wagon. The more times you attempt to quit the more likely you are to actually stop. The trick is to keep trying until it sticks. Good Luck to you. You can do it. If I could quit, anyone else can.

QUESTION ID: 8HRILJQXCNO1YMC
QUESTION SUBJECT: what is the reason for form of thyroid nodules and how can cure that problem?.?
QUESTION CONTENT: one 30 years lady has been affected by thyroid nodules which size 2 cm in left thyroid gland. how can cure this problem?.pls give explanation and medicine.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 56227
Please see the web pages for more details on Thyroid nodule.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87595
Read this it may explain more? Have a Dr. check it for her.Signs and symptomsMost thyroid nodules don t cause signs or symptoms. Occasionally some may become so large that you can feel or even see the swelling at the base of your neck, especially when you re shaving or putting on makeup. Men sometimes become aware of a nodule because their shirt collars suddenly feel too tight.Some nodules produce too much thyroxine, a hormone secreted by your thyroid gland. The extra thyroxine can cause signs and symptoms such as:    * Sudden, unexplained weight loss    * Nervousness    * Rapid or irregular heartbeatAlthough thyroid nodules are seldom cancerous, a nodule is more likely to be malignant if it:    * Grows quickly or feels hard    * Causes you to become hoarse or to have trouble swallowing or breathing    * Causes enlarged lymph nodes under your jaw or in your neckCausesYour thyroid gland consists of two lobes that resemble the wings of a butterfly. The lobes are separated by a thin section ??? think of it as the butterfly s body ??? called the isthmus. The thyroid takes up iodine from food you eat and uses it to manufacture two main hormones, thyroxine (T-4) and triiodothyronine (T-3). These hormones maintain the rate at which your body uses fats and carbohydrates, help control your body temperature, influence your heart rate and help regulate the production of protein. Your thyroid gland also produces calcitonin, a hormone that regulates the amount of calcium in your blood.Just why normal thyroid tissue develops into nodules isn t clear. What is known is that several types of nodules can develop in the thyroid gland:

QUESTION ID: 8HZG38RJGP08W7S
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 16667
STOP IT!!!7th today
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48630
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reasonwhy the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground.  If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71224
because of the effect of atmosphere
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77132
Well, read all about...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77133
On a clear sunny day, the sky above us looks bright blue. In the evening, the sunset puts on a brilliant show of reds, pinks and oranges. Why is the sky blue? What makes the sunset red? To answer these questions, we must learn about light, and the Earth s atmosphere. THE ATMOSPHEREThe atmosphere is the mixture of gas molecules and other materials surrounding the earth. It is made mostly of the gases nitrogen (78%), and oxygen (21%). Argon gas and water (in the form of vapor, droplets and ice crystals) are the next most common things. There are also small amounts of other gases, plus many small solid particles, like dust, soot and ashes, pollen, and salt from the oceans. The composition of the atmosphere varies, depending on your location, the weather, and many other things. There may be more water in the air after a rainstorm, or near the ocean. Volcanoes can put large amounts of dust particles high into the atmosphere. Pollution can add different gases or dust and soot. The atmosphere is densest (thickest) at the bottom, near the Earth. It gradually thins out as you go higher and higher up. There is no sharp break between the atmosphere and space.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77134
It has been said that the best way to sculpt an elephant is to start with a very big block of marble and chip away everything that doesn t look like an elephant.Mother Nature works the very same way.  She starts with a huge sky and removes everything that does not look blue to you.  She uses various tricks such as absorption of some colors (wave lingths) by dust particles and scatters some colors by interaction with air molecules and diffuses other colors within the atmosphere.  What reaches your eye is predominately the wave lengths that excite those cells on your retina that tell your brain blue (unless you are color blind).  Of course Mother Nature sometimes prefers to paint brilliant and artistic reds as in a sunrise or sunset when the angle of the sun is very low and light must pass through much more air than it has to when directly overhead at noon.  At night it is easier for her to paint the sky as a speckled black because the earth serves as a huge light switch.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88532
according to rayleigh s scattering law,the amount of scattering is inversely proportional to the fourth power of wavelength.Hence light with less wavelength is scattered more.Blue light has less wavelenth.Though Violet has less wavelenth than blue,i don t know why is blue scattered more than violet.as blue is scattered more than any other light,Sky appears blue.

QUESTION ID: 8KZHIA8Q0A88H58
QUESTION SUBJECT: How i can prevent colon cancer ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85035
Preventionmeassures for colorectal cancer - Most colorectal cancers should be preventable, through increased surveillance, improved lifestyle, and, probably, the use of dietary chemopreventive agents.SurveillanceMost colorectal cancer arise from adenomatous polyps. These lesions can be detected and removed during colonoscopy. Studies show this procedure would decrease by>80% the risk of cancer death, provided it is started by the age of 50, and repeated every 5 or 10 years.As per current guidelines under National Comprehensive Cancer Network at [www.NCCN.org], in average risk individuals with negative family history of colon cancer and personal history negative for adenomas or Inflammatory Bowel diseases, flexible sigmoidoscopy every 5 years with fecal occult blood testing annually or double contrast barium enema are other options acceptable for screening rather than colonoscopy every 10 years (which is currently the Gold-Standard of care).LifestyleThe comparison of colorectal cancer incidence in various countries strongly suggests that sedentarity, overeating (i.e., high caloric intake), and perhaps a diet high in meat (red or processed) could increase the risk of colorectal cancer. In contrast, physical exercise, and eating plentyof fruits and vegetables would decrease cancer risk, probably because they contain protective phytochemicals. Eating whole apples, including the skin, offers some anticancer benefits.Accordingly, lifestyle changes could decrease the risk of colorectal cancer as much as 60-80%.ChemopreventionMore than 200 agents, including the above cited phytochemicals, and other food components like calcium or folic acid (a B vitamin), and NSAIDs like aspirin, are able to decrease carcinogenesis in preclinical models: Some studies show full inhibition of carcinogen-induced tumours in the colon of rats. Other studies show strong inhibition of spontaneous intestinal polyps in mutated mice (Min mice). Chemoprevention clinical trials in human volunteers have shown smaller prevention, but few intervention studies have been completed today. Calcium and aspirin supplements, given for 3 to 5 years after the removal of a polyp, modestly decreased the recurrence of polyps in volunteers (by 15-20%). The chemoprevention database shows the results of all published scientific studies of chemopreventive agents, in people and in animals.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37386
Sorry, but can t prevent colon cancer! there are many unknown factors that cause colon cancer,(i.e.tobacco,obesity,genetics,etc)One can live a very healthy lifestyle and still get colon cancer.No matter what your lifestyle is, there s no guarantees in medicine.

QUESTION ID: 8L53VUP1TRIG8TX
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to pursue photojournalism...?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am a 26-year-old with a BA in Psychology&Religion.  I only took one photography class in college, but I have been shooting for years.  I recently finished a 5-year marketing job with a band, which included many, many days of live shooting.  I still LOVE to shoot (anything and everything, but mostly candid/people) and would love to get into photojournalism.  Do I have to go back to school... for four years??  Or can I build a portfolio and shop myself around?How can I get started...??
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 64939
Photo journalism is a cut throat business, particularly here in London, what you have to bear in mind is, that everyone who owns a camera phone, is a potential photographer.Staffer job s at national news papers are normally handed down (father to son) so the chances of you getting a position as a staff photographer are pretty remote, (and don t let anyone tell you differently),  but having said that, some local newspapers take on grads, but the pay is extremely poor;  although it will give you an insight into news photography.On the other hand you can go freelance, but you have  got to be good,  and todays snappers are right up their with all the latest hi tech equipment, top of the range Digi SLR camera, prime and zoom lenses, lap top etc of which you will require as a freelancer, and of which will set you back anything upto ??8.000.00Although some agencies will kit you out after a period of time.   Marketing companies (photo agencies) will rip you off big time, if you don t keep an eye on where your pics are being published, it s hard to check out every single magazine and news paper published around the world, so you have to hope that they will pay you for what you have submitted, it s called syndication.Agencies will syndicate your work all around the world, on a 50/50  basis, but as a newcomer they will try and get it for next to nothing.There are several renown pap agencies in london (paparazzo) of which may take you on, but they are ruthless.If you decide to go down the pap route, i ll list a couple of agencies in london, and you can give them a ring, or look on line at their web sites, also a college in london that specialises in photo journalism.London college of printing, Elephant&Castle, london SE1.Big pictures AgencyRex features  Agency.PS: Always copyright your work, and get a price first, before you offer any mag or paper an exclusive, (in writing) or a confirmation e-mail, stipulating the agreed terms.PPS: The other good thing about joining an agency is, the benefit of receiving regular press releases and info, regarding who s in town, where they are staying etc.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5524
Build a portfolio and shop around , is a good move. If your porfolio isnt strong enough then more study is required.a
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64940
I dont know, but how did you get into marketing job w/ the band? My dream job is to work with bands.. anything. I would love to be a manager, but that sounds really cool too.

QUESTION ID: 8LTJKX5G6IHBPGU
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78959
The sky is blue because the nitrogen in the air scatters the blue light out of sunlight. Our sun is a yellow star, so it has slightly yellow light, but it is still pretty close to white light.Sunlight on earth is slightly yellower than it is in space because some of the blue light in sunlight gets scattered out by the presence of nitrogen in the air, making the sky appear blue. So (White light) - (Some Blue light) = (Yellow light)As the sun sets, the sunlight travels through more air, and the nitrogen scatters out more blue light and the sun appears first orange, and then finally red.As the sun starts to set:(White light) - (More Blue light) = (Orange light)and finally as the sun has almost set:(White light) - (Lots of Blue light) = (Red light)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78960
search in the yahoo answer. u will find plenty of answer. this Q has been asked many many times.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78961
God ran out of orange when creating the world :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78962
this question has been asked 276 times on yahoo answers already.http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result;_ylt=AlmXTwGl3PamiSEkRbNA0gVizKIX?p=sky+bluesee if you can figure it out.  hint:  the correct answer has to do with light scattering in the atmosphers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78963
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88650
cause blue is pretty

QUESTION ID: 8MKKF62ULPUT1G8
QUESTION SUBJECT: how is the proof for continuity?
QUESTION CONTENT: different from limits?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 68742
The first answerer defined limits correctly, but I might edit the definition of continuity.Let y = f(x) be a function of x. Notice that the function f maps points on the x-axis to points on the y-axis, right?F is continuous if it maps nearby x s to nearby y s .Consider the example y = x + 2, a straight line.Notice that, if x1 = 1, y1 = 1+2 = 3.                    if x2 = 1.001, y2 = 1.001 + 2 = 3.001.This is continuous.But consider y = 1/(x-1).if x1 = 1.001, y1 = 1/(1.001 - 1) = 1000  if x2 = 1.002, y2 = 1/(1.002 - 1) = 500, orx1 and x2 are nearby , but y1 and y2 are not!Reason: this function has a discontinuity at x=1!I can give you the formal definition in terms of epsilons and deltas, but won t for now.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3316
Both the proofs are based on their definitions. The main difference is that in limit we prove that left-hand and right-hand limits exist and are equal. In continuity also we have to prove that the left-hand and the right-hand limits are equal, but that is not enough. That only goes to prove that the limit exists, but to prove the continuity we have also to prove that the limit that exists is the same as the value of the function. If they are different, then there is a hole at the point where the limit exists and the value of the function is different. If the function is not defined there and limit exists, then there is a hole at that point and the function has no defined value at that point.Sparta_m s explanation is not proper. He has selected a function where the limit itself does not exist at x = 1. His explanation will fail when the function is defined as under.f(x) = x - 1 for x ??? 1 and f(x) = 2 for x = 1. Plot the graph and it can be seen that it is discontinuous. The way sparta_m has tried to explain fails. Moreover, he has not understood nearness. The definition of nearness is that y can be brought as near to the limit as desired by selecting values of x in some delta neighbourhood of the value of x where the limit is desired. One does not select the values of x first. First decide to what nearness of the limit  is the value of y desired, and find if some delta greater than zero exists that it is possible for all x in that neighbourhood of the value of x where the limit is desired. Students find it difficult to understand this concept of nearness properly and that is the reason for misconception.

QUESTION ID: 8MTQKOJMM8ZVCKN
QUESTION SUBJECT: my mom has cancer of an unknown primary.  Why would her hemaglobin and hemacrit levels be dropping?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54092
It s a side affect of the cancer. If her levels get to low she will need a transfusion.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54093
N0V-002 (novo-two) is a New adjunct medication used with standard chemotherapy tested for approval in the USA.Increased the ability of patients to tolerate Chemo to the full 100%Increased the Survival rate by 80%They are accepting some patients under FDA Fast Track SPA Phase III in the USA.Script is available outside the USA:http://messages.finance.yahoo.com/mb/NVLT.OBNovelos pipeline of drugs is based on oxidized glutathione, a natural metabolite that is part of the glutathione pathway. This pathway is the primary determinant of intracellular redox (oxidation/reduction) potential and, as such, plays a key role in cell protection (e.g. detoxification) and in regulation of cell signaling pathways (e.g. leading to cytokine production). Novelos??? lead products are believed to act, in part, via post-translational modification (glutathionylation) of critical regulatory proteins that mediate processes including immune function, cell proliferation and tumor progression (in combination with chemotherapy). They may also sensitize tumor cells to certain chemotherapeutic drugs by modifying drug detoxification processes.

QUESTION ID: 8N4TCXKAYJLJY2M
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did nationalism within the Ottoman Empire come into play during World War I?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3396
It appeared as a handicap for the empire.Balkan countries like Greece,Bulgaria,Romania etc. were effected with nationalism and won their freedom eventually just a couple of years before the start of war. This of course effected the strength of the empire at WWI.Also Arabs (manipulated by the English) sided against Ottomans at the last minute.For the answerer above, i couldn t decipher what is the connection of the answer with this question. But since he brought it up, i have to say, there has never been an Armenian genocide. Armenians deported to a remote location because they were killing civilians,sabotaging army forces with the help  Russia,while Turkey was practically at war with them. The reason countries like America,France,Argentina accept this lie,is political.because diaspora (the armenians living abroad) is very strong in these countries.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61345
The only non-trivial thing I can think of is the acknowledged ethnic cleansing/alledged genocide of the Armenian Catholics.  Novel about it called *Forgotten Fire* by Adam Bagdasarian which was quite good, if you re interested.  (suitable for about 8th-10th grade, I think?)  The primary population of the Empire was Turkish and Muslim, and there was a state-sponsored relocation of Armenian Catholics.This was actually a US/international political issue fairly recently.  The US House debated a resolution (link below) acknowledging the events as a genocide, which greatly alienated Turkey.  As Turkey is a key ally in the War on Terror and us of some military bases there is fairly essential to our campaign in Iraq, the President was rather unhappy.Hope that helps.

QUESTION ID: 8O3U2BICIBEWNKS
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do i find the sum of the first 200 positive integers?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 67941
1+2+3....+200 = ?200=n?? kk=1=1/2(n)(n+1)=1/2(200)(200+1)=1/2(200)(201)=20100[Answer: 20100]
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7325
In case you forget the formula, here is the longer way to remember. Assume the sum is S.s=     1+  2+  3+..........+198+199+200 {reverse the sequence)s=200+199+198+      +    3+    2+     1                   When you sum the two series, the left hand side is 2s. The right hand side: when you add first term to first, second to second,.... 20th to 200th, each sum results in a constant 201. There are 200 such terms.2s=200*201s=(1/2)200*201s=20100You can generalize this for first n natural numbers.(1/2)(n)(n+1)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7326
There are a couple of ways you can do this.  The first, and most obvious way is by brute force , that is, simply add it up:1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5..... + 198 + 199 + 200This will get you to the answer, and is really quite simple if you use a spreadsheet program like microsoft excel.There is a much simpler way to do this type of problem in your head.  lets use a simple example... lets say the question was find the sum of the first 5 positive integers.  You would probably just add it up....1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 = 15.but consider this.  You can calculate the average value of a set of all integers between X and Y (X = 1, Y = 5) in this example) by taking (X + Y)/2.  In this case the average value would be (1 + 5)/2 = 6/2 = 3.  Now the average is defined as all the numbers in a set added up, divided by the number of values in the set.Average = Sum of all numbers/number of valuesSince we now know the average, and we know the number of values is just 5 (1,2,3,4,5).  We can solve for the sum by multiplying the average times 5.3 * 5 = 15.The same basic principle can be applied to any set that contains any number of positive integers.In the case of 200, the average is (200+1)/2 = 100.5and the sum = average * # of valuessum = 100.5 * 200sum = 20100
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7327
While it s nice to know the formula s, it s also nice to understand the answer.List the numbers in pairs1 2002 1993 198...99 102100 101There are 100 pairs, and each pair totals 201; the sum is 100 * 201 or 20100Of course, looking at the pattern you will also see that there are n/2 pairs, and that each pair totals n+1; thus the formulan(n+1)/2.

QUESTION ID: 8P4H53H8L1Z46B2
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78924
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27153
Because of light particles from the sun colliding with the particles in our atmoshpere. The sky is actually more violet/purple than blue, but human eyes are more sensitive to blue so that s what we see.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27154
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fallout to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue

QUESTION ID: 8PQMFL8QL67DCHR
QUESTION SUBJECT: what is trans fat and why is it so bad?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88292
What are trans fatty acids?Trans fatty acids are unsaturated fatty acids that have at least one double bond in the trans configuration. They are produced commercially by a process known as hydrogenation, in which a vegetable oil is heated in the presence of a metal catalyst and hydrogen. These hydrogenated fatty acids are more saturated than natural vegetable oils and also more linear, due to the presence of trans double bonds in place of cis double bonds. This enables trans fatty acids to pack together more tightly. As a result, trans fatty acids are more solid at room temperature and behave more like saturated fatty acids.Where are trans fatty acids found in food?The most concentrated sources of trans fatty acids are margarine, vegetable shortening and other partially hydrogenated fats. However, they are also present in many other foods, including crackers, cookies, potato chips, doughnuts, cakes, puddings, french fries and other fried foods. It is estimated that 3%-5% of calories in the average American diet come from trans fatty acids. It is difficult to know exactly how much trans fat is in the American diet since, at present, manufacturers are not required to include this information on food labels. As a result, the trans fatty acids in food are hidden within the levels reported for unsaturated fatty acids (including polyunsaturated fatty acids and monounsaturated fatty acids). This is very misleading, since unsaturated fatty acids are widely considered to be healthful . As a result, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is currently considering changing the food labeling regulations to make it mandatory to include the trans fatty acid content of a product on all food labels.Trans fatty acids also occur in nature as a result of anaerobic bacterial fermentation in ruminant animals and, thus, are found in small amounts in dairy products. Trans fats are also found in low levels in meats such as beef and lamb.What are the effects of trans fatty acids?Clinical studies have consistently demonstrated that trans fatty acids increase plasma total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol while decreasing HDL when they are substituted for unsaturated (unhydrogenated) fatty acids. This results in a significant increase in the total cholesterol/HDL ratio, thus putting a person at a greater risk for coronary heart disease (CHD). Although the data regarding the effects of trans fatty acids on triglyceride and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels have not been as consistent, some studies have shown an increase in both when compared to diets high in unsaturated fatty acids. There is also evidence that trans fatty acids increase lipoprotein (a) (Lp[a]), another risk factor for CHD.In order to put this information in perspective, it is important to compare the effects of trans fatty acids on cardiovascular risk factors to those of saturated fatty acids. Hydrogenated vegetable fats that contain trans fatty acids, such as shortening and margarine, are often used as alternatives to butter (a source of saturated fatty acids) in baked goods and fried foods. Relative to saturated fatty acids, trans fatty acids result in a lower blood cholesterol level. However, trans fatty acids may also decrease HDL. The long term impact of these findings is not yet fully understood. Suffice it to say, the butter versus margarine debate is not over yet. Of course, the best solution is to reduce or to eliminate the consumption of both types of fat.The bottom line:Trans fatty acids have negative effects on blood lipid profiles. Compared to unsaturated fatty acids that have not undergone hydrogenation, trans fatty acids:Increase total cholesterolIncrease LDLDecrease HDLPossibly increase Lp(a)The American Heart Association recommends that trans fatty acids should be replaced by unmodified (not hydrogenated) monounsaturated and polyunsaturated oils whenever possible.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15458
Transfat is in bad types of oil.  Transfit levels that are to high raise bad cholesterol, could cause pancratiitis, enlarded liver&spleen, fatty deposits in skin, or may not cause symptoms until&unless heart disease or other diseases of blood vessels develop.  Should avoid saturated fats and simple sugars.  Also recommended to reduce meat, eggs, dairy&palm&coconut oil.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22235
Trans fat is an unsaturated fatty acid that, while found naturally in some foods such as milk, beef and mutton, is more commonly formed in processed food by partial hydrogenation (common foods high in trans fat: fried food, junk food, baked goods, margarine).  Experts generally agree that eating naturally-occuring saturated fat is generally healthier than eating the trans fats in processed food.  A Harvard Medical School study of 80,000 women concluded that a 2% increase in trans fats increased a womans risk of heart disease by 93%. The same study found that a 5% increase in saturated fats increased heart disease risk by 17%

QUESTION ID: 8ZE0NQQIS2A4BW7
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to concentrate a UV light to a coherent light?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76961
this question doesn t make sense (it s incoherent HAH! sorry.. corny joke.)light from a light bulb is called incoherent light because it s made up of many different waves.  waves as you know have a property called phase, which tells you where along the wave-front you are at a given position and time.  incoherent light is a mixture of light waves with random phases.coherent light on the other hand, is used to describe light where all of the waves have the same phase - so the waves peak and trough at exactly the same time and position.  coherent light is much more intense than incoherent light because all of the phase fronts add up constructively, and so you end up with a very large amplitude wave.so, if you concentrate UV light, by using a lens or some other sort of focusing device, it will be more intense than the spread-out light, but it won t be coherent.  the only way to get coherent light is at the source - for instance, an excimer laser can be tuned to emit in the ultraviolet, and the light will be coherent.  there is no (known) way to convert incoherent light into coherent light, though that s not to say it s impossible - such a thing just hasn t been invented.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25585
UV light behaves like visible light for the purposes of reflecting/refracting and focusing.  So any technique used for ivisle light (i.e. lens or mirrors) can be used.

QUESTION ID: A3NACI6MXYCJA1Q
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do u get Cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: I know alot of ppl who died from cancer......... HOW!!!!!!!! thank u
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 489
CANCER is a class of diseases or disorders characterized by uncontrolled division of cells and the ability of these cells to invade other tissues, either by direct growth into adjacent tissue through invasion or by implantation into distant sites by metastasis. Metastasis is defined as the stage in which cancer cells are transported through the bloodstream or lymphatic system. Cancer may affect people at all ages, but risk tends to increase with age, due to the fact that DNA damage becomes more apparent in aging DNA. It is one of the principal causes of death in developed countries.The unregulated growth that characterizes cancer is caused by damage to DNA, resulting in mutations to genes that encode for proteins controlling cell division. Many forms of cancer are associated with exposure to environmental factors such as tobacco smoke, radiation, alcohol and certain viruses. While some of these risk factors can be avoided or reduced, there is no known way to entirely avoid the disease. Most forms of cancer are sporadic , and have no basis in heredity. There are, however, a number of recognised syndromes of cancer with a hereditary component, often adefective tumor suppressor allele.I have just given a short note on this deadly disease and further informations can be had from various sites connected to Cancer.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9726
it really depends on the type.  I personally think a lot of it is in your DNA.  Otherwise, how do you explain Dana Reeves dying of lung cancer when she never smoked?  Hard to generalize for all types of cancer.

QUESTION ID: A4E67VN5D075Z23
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can you tell if theres incongruity in a book?
QUESTION CONTENT: Please help me out with this. I need it for a project. I don t want a definition. I need an explanation. For example, like what kind of things should you be looking for, for it to be incongruity. What types of situations would make something incongruity?Thanks everyone! Please explain and help me out.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1826
read the  book
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1827
Its like when a writer gives a character some part to play which their character wouldn t ever do.  Like Jordan becoming a nun in a story would be kind of incongruous. Or David in Corrie qualifying as a brain surgeon.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1983
Of course, you would look for characters doing things they weren t capable of. Like Benjy in The Sound and the Fury suddenly running for Congress. There is one of those type of incongruities in Stephen King s Cell.You would also look for what are known as plot holes . Many books have them. Off hand, I can think of Step on a Crack by James Patterson. He speaks of a Mafia complex on Long Island = located on the water with speedboats docked for a quick getaway. The only problem is that the town he chose on Long Island is 15 miles away from the water. Other type of plot holes include people who magically jump from one place to another or anachronisms - things like people driving cars that didn t exist when the story takes place or things like that. Many books have such problems. It is an author s job to read their book once from the point of view of the reader and look out for such things. I have worked my way out of many plot holes.Ask any serious Harry Potter fan and I am sure they can point out tons of incongruity in her books - even though JK Rowling supposedly used a special editor just to make sure she didn t have any.An interesting point about incongruities. When Christopher Moore s You Suck came out in hardcover, I noticed a really huge one. An object that was moved from one place to another but later on was back in the original place. I wrote him and asked him about it. I got a nice letter back saying that you will often find such mistakes in the original hardcover editions due to production deadlines. Someone let something slip when they read the galley. But after that, they have more time to go over the book with a fine toothed comb and correct it before the paperback comes out. So occasionally you will find a cheaper paperback book that is more accurate than the original hardcover edition. Such is the case with You Suck because the mistake was caught and corrected. Always read your galleys carefully because if you are the author and there is a mistake in your book, if you read and signed off on your galley it is your fault - not the publishers.Pax-C
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1984
Look for something that doesn t seem right - that stops the flow of the story. For instance, at the beginning of the story, the author might give the impression that a character is rich, but then later on gives you the exact opposite impression without any hint or explanation.  You would wonder how that happened, or if you read it right to begin with and go back to search for what they wrote to give that impression.  That s an incongruity.  It doesn t make sense or logic.

QUESTION ID: A4RD8IW3D46V8WA
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are Christians who believe the King James Bible is the only Word of God always accused of causing division
QUESTION CONTENT: I want to know what you all think. We are not trying to hurt anyone by stating what we believe. We are always accused of causing division, just because we actually take a stand for something and don t blend with other religions or beliefs. Also, just because we believe that there is a literal Hell, why do people hate us for that? We may tell you that if you don t accept Christ, you will go there, but then people get mad. I don t see why though, because if you don t agree that Hell exists, then what do you have to get so mad about? I mean, I m not getting mad at someone that says if I eat meat, then I ll come back reincarnated as a fly. You want to know why that doesn t make me mad? Because I don t believe in reincarnation so I have nothing to worry about. I just want to let you know that we are not evil or rude or trying to hurt people. Yes, I will tell you that I have the Truth, and there is no other God besides the God of the Bible. I just don t know what ppl are so mad about.sorry...i kinda ran out of room up there.anyways, i m not judging anyone when i say that they are going to Hell if they don t get saved. As a Christian, I am commanded to spread the Gospel. If I dont , then I m being disobedient. I am not telling anyone that they are sinners and going to Hell just to be rude or judge them, I am doing it because if I don t, then who will tell them? If someone asks me how they can get saved, then I will show them. I know of someone who actually got saved after reading the Gospel on the internet. Now he is a great Christian and even started his ownChristian website. I recommend for anyone who wants to know how to get saved to go to www.chick.com because it has a very nice illustrated way of telling you how to go to Heaven.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74641
ignorance is bliss, the truth hurts, therefore,the ignorant want to know it.they believe that if they go on believing such things that we are wrong then we`ll just go away or somin. but you know what? the important thing is, we warned them
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74642
People have accused Christians of causing division and for being narrow minded for hundreds of years. The thing is, you have to find a way to tell the truth in a way that helps the person understand that you re not judging them. Develping a relationship with a person first is a good way to start. When you consider how Jesus did His ministry, He always met people where they were at, deep in their sins, with all their attitudes hanging out. He didn t tell them to straighten up and fly right and then they d be ok. He met their needs first. Whether it was through healing, forgiving or just putting a little one on His lap. He was there for them. The reason many are critical of Christians is because of the way some Christians share their Christianity. Some will get their 20 pound Bible and start beating people over the head with it, making them feel defensive. Of course they re going to respond in an unkind way. They were just told they re going to hell! Though that may be true, there are better ways to share your faith with others rather than throwing Scripture at them. It starts with your own life first. Sometimes you are the only Bible that people will ever read...and believe me, they are watching closely. If your life is pleasing before the Lord, in every way, then you have the right to share with other people the treasure that the Lord has given you. See, it s all in the approach. Jesus was about love, as well as discipline. There s a balance that many people over-look. Go back to the Bible. Read how Jesus ministered to people. Learn His ways. Then, go and develop relationships, minister to their needs first. Look for opportunities, but don t push. Love people just as Jesus did, at their point of need. The rest will follow very naturally. Before long, someone will ask you a question, knowing that your answer will be something worth hearing. Or they may test you, to see if you re going to judge them. I ve had lots of experience with this, as I am in the ministry...with bikers...a tough crowd indeed. But nothing is impossible for our Lord.<*)))><
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74643
because its like you are saying i am right and you are all wrong, and all of you are going to hell.i dont belive in god, and i dont care if you do, just do your things in your own house, and dont go running and telling pepole that they are going to burn for eternity.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74644
because essential claims about therebeing only one true God as proscribed by a particular religeous group always presuppose a racist, classist, sexist, anti-semitic agenda - exclusionary politics are part and parcel of essentialist religiosity.  So its not a religeous question, its a political one.I m sorry, but as long as you make claims like these, you re upholding the white-supremacist, capitalist patriarchy, and the degree of your faith is of no importance to such a discussion.Also, you have to deal with the past 2000 years - the Christian church has simply not been the nicest, and in the past 100 years, it has been a subterranean (and a not-so-subterranean) motivator for some of the greatest atrocities we have experienced as a people.

QUESTION ID: A5SOYDR13N6G1Q3
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I be there for him when I m terrified and falling apart myself?
QUESTION CONTENT: We just found out my 32 yr old husband has acute myloid leukaemia and I m absolutely terrified.I lost my best friend and sister to cancer and I don t know if I can do this again.How can you stay strong for someone through something like this when all you can think about is that you re going to lose them?Please don t tell me to pray as I ve stopped believing in God a long time ago.He will be undergoing treatment,we re not giving up and neither are his doctors.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17301
I knew a nurse that had leukaemia and took emu oil gel caps for six months 3 tabs daily and got her blood work back and the test results were normal. So far so good and were talking two years later.  Maybe that can give you some hope.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41526
Listen honey, as much as it might hurt you, this is not about you, is about him; and I can understand you must be feeling very scared but you will have to gather your strenght and weather the storm with him.  Life is not easy, and we need to deal with the happy times and with the hard times as well... you say that I shouldnt tell you to pray.. well.. then I don t know what to tell you.. I guess you will just lay there feeling sorry for yourself and for him... In situations like this, all the strength comes from Jesus, and I know, believe me, I KNOW, because my little son was diagnosed with leukemia when he was only 3 years old.  All I could think about too is that I was going to loose him, but I also realized that my strength was going to give him strength to fight that hard battle.  When I realized that, I pray a lot, with all my heart and God listened, he listened so loud and clear, that right now my son finished his chemotherapy protocol with continuous remission for more than 2 years and a half so far... Like I said to you before, life is never easy, but our God is GOOD,and he promised he will always be with us... Don t turn your back on him honey, because by doing that you will be turning your back to your husband and to yourself.  As much as it hurts to admit it, all that we can do here is try to survive the best way we can.  Good luck and the only real answer to your question is precisely that one that you don t want to hear... no one here is going to give your soul the solace and relief that only God can give you...

QUESTION ID: A76T5ZNQST0XUXN
QUESTION SUBJECT: I just asked a question about the sun! How does it work?
QUESTION CONTENT: Some one pointed out theres no oxygen in space so its not fire its nuclear fission i understand what nuclear fission is off sorts. We use nuclear fission in power stations (controled) and in nuclear weapons (un controlled) so how does it work in the sun and where do the uv rays come from are they generated from fission?? Can you explain in deph please about how it all works if you know.. I m curious now... thanks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5159
It is not fission in the sun but FUSION.  Instead of splitting atoms, stars fuse hydrogen atoms together.  We don t use this method for power generating because as of yet, no one can make a controlled fusion reaction.  The heat that fusion produces is so great, example- the sun, that there is no way to contain it.  Thermonuclear bombs, also called hydrogen bombs use fusion, rather than fission like earlier atomic weapons.  This is not a controlled reaction, ie- the reaction takes place, then is over- does not continue- is not containable to generate power, do other work.  All light is a form of energy.  Light comes in many wavelengths.  Some of it is visible.  Other wavelengths are not visible.  UV light and infrared light (what makes you feel heat) are parts of the invisible light spectrum.  All ofthese different light waves are generated during a nuclear reaction.  It is in part how the energy is released.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64279
Fusion, not fission.  They are two separate concepts.  The Sun uses fusion.  Look up the proton-proton chain for more info on how this works.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64280
In 1939, Hans Bethe proposed that the sun and other stars are powered by nuclear fusion???this theory earned him the 1967 Nobel Prize for Physics.  In fusion, extremely fast-moving hydrogen nuclei join to form helium???this requires temperatures of millions of degrees. Some mass is lost and converted into a huge amount of energy as per Einstein???s famous formula E = mc2. Thus the sun would be essentially a gigantic hydrogen bomb. If fusion were totally responsible for the sun???s huge power output of 3.86 x 1026 watts, four million tonnes of matter would be converted every second into energy???this is huge, but negligible compared to the sun???s enormous total mass.That fusion is responsible for at least part of the sun???s energy output is supported by the sun???s huge flux of neutrinos, ghostly particles that can usually pass through light-years thicknesses of matter untouched.However, if nuclear fusion were the sole source of power, then we would expect to observe three times more neutrinos than we do. This shortfall has been tentatively explained by the idea that neutrinos alternate between three types. This would require that they have mass, although previously they were universally regarded as massless.Alternatively, two-thirds of the sun???s energy could be provided by gravitational collapse, through conversion of gravitational potential energy to heat and light as the sun???s gases collapse inwards. This theory was proposed by the great physicist Hermann von Helmholtz (1821???1894). It was the chief theory until the prominence of Darwinism, which could not tolerate that it would put an upper limit on the sun???s age at 22 million years???far too short for evolution. Observations suggesting the sun is shrinking at a rate of at least 0.02 seconds of arc per century, give some support to the notion. This would be ample for collapse to be a significant energy source. But the shrinkage is controversial, even among creationists. In any case, since nuclear fusion is at least a partial source of energy, Helmholtz???s age limit cannot be strictly applied. http://www.creationontheweb.com/content/view/303/
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64281
The Sun converts hydrogen to helium by gaining an extra molecule as it compresses under enormous gravitational pressure. As it does so it releases energy in the form of light and heat, in other words, radiation. It s called fusion (the fusing together of the molecules). The energy from the Sun reaches the surface by means of convection and radiation and it takes around a million years for the energy to get from the core to the surface.The sun produces enough energy every second to provide all of mankind s energy needs for 500,000 years. EVERY SECOND!!! Light has many wavelengths. Imagine a wave in the sea. The more spread out the waves are the less often they will hit your boat and the closer together they are the more often they will hit. It s the same with light. This is light s frequency (how often a wave occurs) and we see sunlight at visible frequencies but all the others are there too like ultraviolet and infra-red. The energy from the sun creates two by-products, heat and light.Put your hand near a light bulb. It s hot right? That s because every energy reaction creates heat. A calorie is a measure of heat. A calorie is the amount of energy it takes to raise the temperature of 1 litre of water by 1 degree celsius, so the heat we feel is a by-product of the nuclear fusion going on within the sun.

QUESTION ID: A7ZL2TEZQB77CYT
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do fat girls feel like its ok to treat skinny girls so bad?
QUESTION CONTENT: i am 29 years old and weigh about 100 pounds im 5 2 and have 2 children. i have never been rude to anyone who is over weight in fact most of my family on my mothers side are obese and my daughter is on the chunky side to. however i noticed that werever i go whether its to the grocery store, dr appt, kids school, werever i go i get really ugly stares from overwight women. oh my god work is even worse, i work at a call center  so there are lots of over weight women there. they talk behind my back. ive been told that people say im annorexic, bolemic and that i think im all that. what is the damn deal with these bitches. they dont like to be made fun of because it hurts their feelings. but what they dont understand is that for someone who thin it hurts just as bad to called names. i have never had a eating disorder infact i eat whatever the hell i want and most of the time i out eat my husband. i just would like to know why overweight people (not all) have such a bad attitude towards thin
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 24408
Because they are jealous, and the fat from their greaseburger combos make them even meaner and stupid.  I think fat girls who do that are reverting to animalistic behavior, and I think it s about food aggression.  If you have a pet with that issue, like a dog or cat, you know what I mean.  It might be that and the accumulation of all the additives in the food.  They think that if they project hate on you, it will ease their own low self-esteem.  Your daughter is eating what everybody else is eating, so switch to organic, low animal protein and lots of green foods; you don t want her to become fat and mean and bitter. Fat is inheritable, but so are bad habits. I don t know, maybe you should move.  Are you in the midwest or the south?  or in some rural or urban hell?  Those are areas noted for high numbers of obese people.  You represent normalcy and sanity in a loony bin.  To counter the nastiness, I d wear the nice fashions that those whales can t wear, and make sure they see you eat that slice of cake with that flat belly.  Misery loves company, but you don t have to be a part of it.  Be proud of your body as it is, and go jogging or exercising with your children so that one day, they will move on to a nice college or town where people are not so mean, lazy, and fat.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24409
This is a case of What goes around, comes around. While you might not personally tease fat women, PLENTY of people do.  And let s be honest here, who is more likely to receive derision, be the butt of jokes and name-calling, and to be all-around less well-received in most situations?  Humans being what they are, attractive people get more attention, more smiles and social favors, and are better received than unattractive people.  In our society, thin is in.  Fat people are often looked at as not only being far less attractive, but too damned lazy to do anything about it. Is it any wonder that when they see someone tiny like you they feel some resentment?

QUESTION ID: A83SX008HWMS0XQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I gain weight?
QUESTION CONTENT: I ve always been told i was too skinny but now its driving me crazy. Plus my asthma specialsist doctor says its not healthy. He even told me i was going to die. oh yeah i m 15 years old, 5 5 and 98lbs.HELP SOMEBODY!thanks everybody now wht foods make u gain weightand i can t work-out too much, I have asthma
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75315
You need to think about specifically what you want to get out of this.  That may sound silly, but do you really want to be skinny with a pot belly?The fast and binge method or the eat carbs method are likely to put on weight... but in the form of deposits of bad fat that are unattractive, unhealthy, and stubbornly resistant to any effort to get rid of it.  I think what you want to do is build muscle and maybe put a little bit of fat on, but very slowly.  Lifting weight will build muscle, whereas track&field tends to do more calorie burning than muscle building.  So adding in weights and adding more protein to your diet should help a lot.As for eating - eating more small QUALITY meals will put on muscle and keep any fat that gets deposited in small, healthy deposits.  Eating one or two large meals a day will more likely put on bad fat.If you do your workouts and change in eating for a month and you aren t gaining any muscle, you may want to see your doctor about it. There are some conditions that will cause this.Here is how we process calories.When a cell needs protein it will grab any protein available.  Muscle cells need the most protein; however all cells need protein for repair and growth. If there s no protein molecule available, the cell has to wait for one to come by.When a cell needs energy, it will grab any sugar passing by. Note that carbs turn into sugars when digested.  If there is no sugar available, it will get a protein, break it down and use it for energy. If there is no protein, it will do that with a passing fat molecule.In the meantime, fat cells will pick up available fat.   Note that proteins are actually broken down into amino acids during digestion, and fat is broken down into fatty acids (also called triglycerides), the same way that carbs are broken down into simple sugars.If the blood sugar levels get too high, insulin is released which tells fat cells to grab passing sugars and proteins and turn them into fat for storage.  If blood sugar gets too low, the body releases a hormone that tells the fat cells to release some of the fat.  Either the same hormone or another one released at the same time tell your mind that you are hungry.This is why you want to have small meals - that keeps the blood sugars in the middle range and a steady supply of protein.  And you want to not eat unnecesary fat, because it s as likely to go on as paunch as it is to go toward keeping you running.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24019
Your asthma specialist should find out what foods you should avoid.  Then seek out a nutritionist.  Don t worry your not going to die.  You just need professional advice on what to do.  It s too bad he scared you like that and didn t offer advice that you could put in a plan.  Please seek professional help in nutrition, someone that can incorporate your asthma needs along with weight gain needs.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24020
Hi there small person. Guess what ! I ve been trying to do the same thing. I am 35, and I am 5 4 and weigh in at 99 lbs.  I had two children, so that did nt help put on weight either.While I was pregnant the Dr. said to eat more meat and veggies&have more healthy snacks between meals (I like apples and popcorn).My main problem is that I do not drink anything.I bet I drink 12 oz of liquid in 1 whole day.Not good.So keep yourself hydrated and eat all the time.I ll try to take my own advice.I m also going to start working out again.When I was built up really nice ,I weighted in at 106.  Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48514
Eat lots of nuts.  They are high in calories and packed with protein.

QUESTION ID: A84WIUE2ZECQQ1J
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can a person get lung cancer at age 21?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am sad i just found my friend passed away at 21 from lung cancer? I am  very confused I thought u couldnt get lung cancer till you were older
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 68826
cancer strikes at any age. i am going in for a CT scan of my chest in 2 weeks. i am 21 and my doctor recently found spots in my lungs on a chest x-ray.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87577
The medical community, in general, has done a good job alerting older people about the dangers of cancer, the risks, and what symptoms they may have. Unfortunately, young people have interpreted this to mean that only old people get cancer. This is not true. Any age person, even a new born infant can get cancer. Despite all the hype about the environment and lifestyle choices being the cause of cancer . . the truth is that only a handful of cancers may place someone at risk . . in truth no one knows what causes the over 200 different types of cancer. There is not one risk or cause that anyone can point to and say with absolute certainty that a person will get cancer if they are exposed. The reason that I can say that is that not everyone who is exposed to carcinogens gets cancer. Not everyone who has a risky lifestyle willget cancer. And, despite the common thinking you can still get cancer even if you are a non-smoker, avoid carcinogens, diet, exercise, and live a healthy lifestyle. If the world was as toxic as some would have you think than everyone would have cancer . . but everyone does not have cancer even when heavily exposed to the same enviroments. So, cancer is far more random than anyone will admit. Teens and young adults tend to get cancers that are associated with hormones or growth spurts thus they can have bone cancers or muscle and tendon sarcomas more than adults. They can also develop leukemia, lymphoma, brain tumors, and germ cell tumors. Lung cancer is an unusual cancer for a young person but it can happen, especially if this was a secondary cancer (spread from elsewhere).I am very sorry for the loss of your friend. Young adults with cancer is one of the most under reported diseases. It is rare and no one, not even a doctor suspects that a healthy looking young adult might have cancer. Cancer is asymptomatic in the early stages and because the young are relatively healthy and strong can go many more days and months with cancer than older people. By the time the young person or his doctor realize that cancer is present . . the cancer is very advanced.That is why so many young people are dying. One of the most important symptoms or really just about the only early symptom is a lump or bump anywhere on the body that just isn t going away. If it grows at all than it should be checked immediately. Far too many young people dismiss a lump because it doesn t hurt . . . what they don t realize is that tumors rarely hurt unless they are large enough to press on nerves or are growing into tissue or bone. Just in the last few years the oncological community has recognized the problems associated with adolescents and young adults being the forgotten members of the cancer community. More and more you can find the major cancer centers offering cancer programs specific to teens and youngadults. Teen and young adult cancers are different than a childs and different than an older adult and need to be treated differently. Juvenile cancer: improving care for adolescents and young adults within the frame of medical oncology http://annonc.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/full/16/2/181

QUESTION ID: A8DESWUFJV6T2PP
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does CO2 trap heat in an enclosed area/space?
QUESTION CONTENT: How and why does Carbon Dioxide trap heat?*To first answer* Are you sure? My Chemistry teacher says that Carbon Dioxide traps heat, thus melting the Ice Caps, and raising temperatures. She just wants to know what makes Carbon Dioxide release that heat. Temperatures go UP with CO2, not down.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 59353
The earth is constantly being bathed in radiation of many sorts from the sun - light, ultraviolet, infrared, and so on.Around 30% of this radiation is immediately reflected back into space, but ~70% is absorbed by the earth.This absorbed radiation is changed to infrared radiation, which is then radiated back into space (this absorbance/radiation is a different mechanism from simple reflection). Most of the gasses in the earth s atmosphere - O2, N2, etc. do not interact with this infrared radiation. But the greenhouse gasses (CO2, CH4, etc.) *do*: they absorb the IR radiation, and then pass it on to neighbouring molecules as heat (molecular vibration). By doing this, they prevent the IR being radiated back into space, trapping the energy in the atmosphere, and heating up the earth.The important thing to remember here is that heat can mean two things: kinetic energy (vibration of molecules) or electromagnetic energy (infrared). The electromagnetic energy *can* be released by the earth, but the vibrational energy cannot. Greenhouse gasses change the electromagnetic energy into vibrational energy, and therefore stop it escaping.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7974
Carbon dioxide is not the cause of global warming. Several people say it is, but the scientific evidence proves this wrong. Many people do not believe that carbon dioxide actually decreased global temperatures when the industrial boom began, which was supposed to mean a boom in carbon dioxide production.

QUESTION ID: A8XBKSJ5W8PWETB
QUESTION SUBJECT: please help me my homework in algebra. How to graph y= x - 1 and y= 2x - 1? Thanks.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6978
Plot the points man. Plot x=0 then something else like x=2.  Seriously though i dont mean to be a dickhead but algebra gets way harder than this just pay attention in class and ask your teacher about any problems not on here
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6979
ok let s start with y=x-1the equation for linear graphs is y=mx+b m=slope = rise/runx=x coordinateb=y intercept-So, in this case the slope will be m=1 (since 1(x)=x)-the x coordinate is not too important in this graph (well in my opinion it isn t, unless it asks you if this is a linear line, then it will, since it doesn t have an x coordinate)-the y intercept will be where you start on the y axis. This will be y=-1 So when you graph it, you start by looking at the y intercept thing. Where does it start? It starts at -1 on the y axis, so draw a point on (0,-1) (since it s the y intercept. Be careful not to graph on the x axis). The m=1, which equals 1/1. I think the 1/1 part is very important because it shows you how many to move up and down, and how many to move left or right. So since we know that the slope is rise over run and that these numbers are positive, we know that we go up one, and one to the right (since there are no negative numbers in our slope). You may hate for this, but i think you should try the second one by yourself. If you re not sure if your graph is correct, there is an online calculator right here: http://www(.)coolmath(.)com/graphit/(remove the parenthesis...i m not sure if yahoo answers allows me to post websites or not).Sorry if some of the parts were not clear, but if you have anymore questions regarding this feel free to contact me at saltboi88@yahoo(.)comGood luck!

QUESTION ID: AA2R2THWKZ6L5OH
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are Young Living Essential Oils so effective in natural healing?
QUESTION CONTENT: My friends and relatives use them all the time.  It s the first thing we reach for in an emergency.  It s a shame the big drug makers can t come up with something comparable without all those nasty side effects.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73163
Gary Young is an uneducated huckster with a track record of arrests for health fraud. He has repeatedly inflated and falsified his education and credentials. His inability to recognize the limits of his knowledge and training contributed to the death of his own child. Sherman Johnson, M.D., medical director of The Young Life Research Clinic, deliberately administered a lethal dose of narcotics to a long-time friend, and then attempted to cover his actions by falsifying the death certificate. There is no reason to believe that either Young or Johnson has sufficient judgment, skill, or ethics to appropriately care for seriously ill patients. Young Living s essential oils cannot treat or cure any medical illness. Patients visiting the Young Life Research clinic can waste large sums of money on worthless treatments, and will gain only false hope. Patients risk being guided away from effective legitimate medical treatments. At best, their life will be needlessly complicated by the prescription of elaborate irrational regimens requiring overpriced products sold only by Young Living. At worst, patients may suffer direct harm from the misuse of essential oils and other dubious treatments. Treatment at the Young Life Research Clinic seems unwise and expensive. Proper medical care can be obtained elsewhere from legitimately educated, licensed, and experienced health care providers. Raindrop Therapy is potentially unsafe. Essential oils for aromatherapy use are available from many suppliers do not make ridiculous claims and whose prices are not inflated by dubious multilevel marketing practices.Please check out this website, which gives a complete history of this man and his products, etc.  http://www.quackwatch.org/11Ind/young.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48370
Essential oils are very powerful and would put drug companies out of business if fully utilized by everyone. The difficulty is that oils vary in quality and reliability. So people have varied results. Also, no one receives good instruction on how to use them wisely.http://www.tisserand.com/ has better oils and cheaper. Note: Young living oils was wonderful until his wife sucked him into the Multi Level marketing hell (I mean that literally) bloated prices, egos and marketing that distorts. I imagine they will compromise themselves to reach a larger secular market and slowly and subtly pull his product away from the Christian roots it was based on. Yes I think multi level marketing typically relies on socialist type promises to use people, after 5 years you will see what I mean. Sorry for sharp honesty, because I really know how important and key to health Essential Oils are.

QUESTION ID: ABEH5S5H7MRRVG7
QUESTION SUBJECT: How should I approach this problem? Find and angle with horizontal displacement and velocity?
QUESTION CONTENT: A fountain has a spout on the ground needs to shoot water at a speed of 6m/s. What angle should it be held at to reach 2m away?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 61569
So V= 6 m/s decompose into  horizontal and vertical components like Vh and VvVh=Vcos(A)Vv= Vsin(A)The horizontal distance S is thenS= Vh tThe time t is twice the time that will take for the water to reach its highest point.t= 2 Vv/g (assuming that the water falls at the same level as being released) g - acceleration due to gravity ( 9.8 m/s)Vh= S/t = S/(2 Vv /g) = S g / (2 Vv)V cos(A) = S g / (2 V sin(A))V^2 [2 sin(A) cos(A)]=Sg using double angle formulaV^2  sin(2A) =Sg sin(2A)= Sg/(V^2)A= 0.5 arcSin(S g /V^2)= A= 0.5 arcSin( 2 x 9.8 / 6^2)A= 16.5 degrees
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3512
First, forget that the question is about water.  Assume a solid projectile.  (I know that the air resitance for water will be different but the question does not give you information about that.)Consider the launch angle with respect to the horizontal to be A.  You now have a velocity vector of amplitude 6m/s and direction A.  Split this vector into vertical and horizontal components.You now have a vertical velocity of 6 sin(A) and a horizontal velocity of 6 cos(A).Using the vertical velocity and Newtons equations of motion you can calculate the time taken for the object to fall back to earth.  (You have acceleration g from gravity, initial velocity 6sin(A) and distance zero)Use this equation to determine how far the object travels horizontally in this time.  Equate this to 2m.If you perform all the steps as above your equations will give you the correct answer.Problems like this become fairly easy once you break them down to simple steps.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61570
its a basic question on vectors n some basics!for u i guess i will have to derive it (cause its ans can callulated in a fraction of sec. by using formula)let the angel b $ therefore the horizontal component of velocity willl b 6cos$n vertical will b 6sin$by taking acc on vertical axis as 10 n final vel as 0time comes out 2 b (6sin$/10)the by solving (6sin$/10)6cos$=2we get the value of $got it?

QUESTION ID: ABHKBW3M2DI8DOT
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do we diarea?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63946
?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63947
Sometimes diarrhea is triggered by the foods we eat. High fat or high fiber can cause this. If it s an illness causing diarrhea then it s just the bodys way of flushing out the bad bacteria fast. A lot of people don t realize that by taking something to stop thedairrhea they can prolong their illness. Let it run it s course and keep up with drinking clear fluids to prevent dehydration.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63948
This condition can occur as a symptom of infection, allergy, food intolerance, foodbourne illness and/or extreme excesses of Vitamin C and/or magnesium and may be accompanied by abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting. Temporary diarrhea can also result from the ingestion of laxative medications or large quantities of certain foods like prunes with laxative properties. There are other conditions which involve some but not all of the symptoms of diarrhea, and so the formal medical definition of diarrhea involves defecation of more than 200 grams per day (though formal weighing of stools to determine a diagnosis is rarely actually carried out).Diarrhea occurs when insufficient fluid is absorbed by the colon. As part of the digestion process, or due to fluid intake, food is mixed with large amounts of water. Thus, digested food is essentially liquid prior to reaching the colon. The colon absorbs water, leaving the remaining material as a semisolid stool. Ifthe colon is damaged or inflamed, however, absorption is inhibited, and watery stools result.Diarrhea is most commonly caused by viral infections or bacterial toxins. In sanitary living conditions and with ample food and water available, an otherwise healthy patient typically recovers from the common viral infections in a few days and at most a week. However, for ill or malnourished individuals diarrhea can lead to severe dehydration and can become life-threatening without treatment.Diarrhea can also be a symptom of more serious diseases, such as dysentery, Montezuma s Revenge (illness), cholera, or botulism, and can also be indicative of a chronic syndrome such as Crohn s disease. Though appendicitis patients do not generally have diarrhea, it is a common symptom of a ruptured appendix. It is also an effect of severe radiation sickness.Diarrhea can also be caused by dairy intake in those who are lactose intolerant.Symptomatic treatment for diarrhea involves the patient consuming adequate amounts of water to replace that loss, preferably mixed with electrolytes to provide essential salts and some amount of nutrients. For many people, further treatment is unnecessary.(this was mostly copied from Dictionary.com)

QUESTION ID: ABVPYJBH6EXXGG7
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can i make spasm mode?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86088
Let s try that again. What exactly is your question?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86089
P.A.M. treatment is particularly helpful for those with very chronic back problems associated with marked rigidity and stiffness of the back.  It has also proved itself to be extremely helpful for those with spinal curvatures (scoliosis) helping to improve the mobility and markedly reduce the discomfort.  In some cases there has even been a reduction in the degree of curvature.  It is also extremely useful for those who wish to have periodic maintenance treatment to prevent the development or recurrence of back problems.The device was invented by mechanical engineer, Robert Taylor, who, in the early 1980 s  was asked by a doctor friend why it was that the lower back and the lower neck were the regions of the spine most commonly affected in those with back and neck pain.From Robert s point of view the answer was quite simple. Using the analogy of an aircraft wing Robert pointed out that the strength of the spine comes from it???s flexibility and elasticity.  Observe an aircraft wing in flight, particularly in turbulence, and you will see it flexing up and down quite dramatically. This means that all the stresses acting on the wing are spread throughout the whole wing.  If it were rigid all the stresses would focus on where it meets the fuselage of the plane and the wing would soon break off.Similarly in a healthy flexible spine the stresses on the spine are spread throughout it???s length no part being subjected to undue stress.  However over time, due to the various lifting strains, falls, sporting injuries, accidents and work injuries that we experience, our spines progressively lose that flexibility and the stresses become focused in the lower back where the spine joins the pelvis, as well as in the lower neck. These two areas consistently show the greatest susceptibility to wear and tear, degeneration and spinal disc problems.Now that Robert had so easily identified the problem he was then asked whether he could come up with a solution. This was not so easy but after 14 years of research, including becoming a student of anatomy, neurology and body movement, he came up with Power Assisted Micro-manipulation (P.A.M.).The advantage of P.A.M. over other  techniques used in the treatment of chronic back problems where  the spine s flexibility and elasticity have been lost, is the powered handpiece with it???s four bionic fingers which  work steadily but persistantly to free up the joint restrictions with much more persistence than even the fittest and strongest practitioner could achieve. Additionally the bionic fingers can be made to act like small reflex hammers which can be used to normalise the spines nervous reflex activity.  It should be noted that this Biomechanical Instrument has been specifically set up to be totally safe even on very old osteoporotic spines.The P.A.M. equipment works in three different modes:    In SPASM MODE the pistons of the  bionic  hand  move  extremely quickly stimulating  spinal  reflexes  so rapidly that reflex activity is jammed thus helping to eliminate muscle spasm.    In REFLEX MODE the pistons move at a slower speed but still fairly fast.  As the practitioner moves the bionic hand up and down the spine normal spinal reflex activity is restored helping the spine to function in a balanced way again.    In MOBILISATION MODE the pistons move at a much slower speed while the practitioner guides the bionic hand up and down the spine freeing up the  movement between the vertebrae.  These restrictions in movement between vertebrae may have taken months or even years to develop.The combination of normalising the spinal column s controlling reflexes plus the freeing up of restricted vertebral movement help restore the spine to a more youthful / functional / pain free state.

QUESTION ID: ACHV4FHTM53NF5U
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why the ancient facination with the number 6?
QUESTION CONTENT: Take an acre for instance: It s original meaning was that of the area of a field measuring:One Furlong, by One Chain . The former is 660 feet and the latter is 66 feet! (Students---be glad that you use metric measure!)Also, the number 12 seems to have some significance to the ancients. Any correlation there? I did get some info on the 12 stuff, but didn t on the 6; and besides I would like to hear your take on this as it is always ...ahem...enlightening!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5022
You could get all mystical and find significance in the numbers ... but my personal opinion is that the astrological or religious significance was attached long *after* the numbers themselves had proven significant.There is a neat science fiction story, by the way, called The Six Fingers of Time by R. A. Lafferty, that puts forth the idea that while humans have five fingers, an older race that lived on Earth had six fingers.... there seems to be some other stuff out there claiming that the Nephilim (Biblical word in Genesis with the literal meaning fallen ones ) had six fingers....maybe that s where Lafferty got the idea.Anyhow, six is divisible by both 2 and 3, of course, so if you do things in multiples of 6 your math is simplified.  It is fairly easy to estimate division of a length or a volume into 2 or 3 parts by eye , so doing one then the other you come up with six.Twelve is important because it there are close to 12 lunar months in a solar year. Six is half of twelve.If you count projections from the trunk on a male human, you get six: two legs, two arms, head and penis. :-) Insects have six legs. Honeybees make six-sided cells in their hives. Ice crystals have sixfold symmetry. You can tile the plane with hexagons. It s hard to keep lots of things in your mind without repetition -- six is close to the limit. (Some say seven, some say five, etc.)You re right, this is kind of fun ...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5023
I think you re reading too much into something that doesn t exist. And, considering America still uses imperial measurements, are you considering them as the ancients ?For instance a furlong was originally the distance an ox could pull a plough before needing to rest, ie., a furrow long . As early as the 9th c. it was regarded as the equivalent of the Roman stadium, which was 1/8th of a Roman mile; and hence furlong has always been used as a name for the eighth part of an English mile, whether this coincided with the agricultural measure so called or not.The mile itself was originally, the Roman lineal measure of 1,000 paces (mille passus or passuum), computed to have been about 1,618 yards. Hence, the unit of measure derived from this, used in the British Isles and in other English-speaking countries. Its length has varied considerably at different periods and in different localities, chiefly owing to the influence of the agricultural system of measures with which the mile has been brought into relation (see furlong).The chain was commonly used with the mile to indicate land distances and in particular in surveying land for legal and commercial purposes. In medieval times, local measures were commonly used, and many units were adopted that gave manageable units; for example the distance from London to York could be quoted in inches, but the resulting huge number would be unmemorable. The locally used units were often inconsistent from place to place. The clergyman Edmund Gunter developed a method of surveying land accurately with low technology equipment, using what became known as Gunter s chain; this was 66 feet long and from the practice of using his chain, the word transferred to the actual measured unit. His chain had 100 links, and the link is used as a subdivision of the chain as a unit of length.In countries influenced by English practice, land plans prepared before about 1960 associated with the sale of land usually have lengths marked in chains and links, and the areas of land parcels is indicated in acres. A rectangle of land one furlong in length and one chain in width has an area of one acre. It is sometimes suggested that this was a medieval parcel of land capable of being worked by one man and supporting one family, but there is no documentary support for this assertion, and it would in any case have predated Gunter s work.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59601
You mean the ancients had six on their minds? Isn t there anything else they thought about?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59602
666 is the Bible reference for the anti-Christ
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63988
Actually it s the number SEVEN  with which people have been more fascinated throughout history, for instance to the Ancient Romans , Seven was considered to be as Lucky to them as the number 13 is considered to be UN-Lucky todays world  I imagine that this is where the saying to be at Sixes&Sevens probably comes from.

QUESTION ID: ACQXCJSSMDWJSMR
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: Need it for a school project
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78284
Pick any answers you like from here: http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result;_ylt=Aka5oyRGMHau25LCt9o3BqPpy6IX?p=why+sky+blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13794
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth,which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26656
well you coudl do a google search, or you could search teh questions for already answered questiosn that are why is teh sky blue...its asked several times per day!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26657
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.

QUESTION ID: AE7KRA0OP542C77
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why pandas are not bears?
QUESTION CONTENT: I recently heard that pandas are not bears (just like dolphins are not fish) despite their look. Why? and what are the differences (or characteristics) between a bear and a panda?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75614
The giant panda is a member of the bear family, yet has some distinguishing characteristics.  Giant pandas weigh between eighty to one hundred twenty-five kilograms or one hundred eighty to two hundred fifty pounds (Bies).  One obvious difference between giant pandas and other bears is the coloring.  The black and white spots are unique to this species. Instead of roaring like most bears, the giant panda makes a bleating noise.  They also have what is called a sixth front toe, which is unlike any other member of the bear family.  In actuality, the toe is ???an enlarged wrist bone that functions as a thumb in grasping food??? (Giant Panda).  The lifespan of the giant panda varies depending on location.  Researchers estimate that wild pandas live between ten to fifteen years, but pandas living in captivity can live up to thirty years (Bies).        Also unlike other bears, the giant pandas diet consists mainly of bamboo.  An adult giant panda spends approximately ten to twelve hours a day consuming bamboo.  Although it has no real nutritional value, bamboo grows all year long.  Giant pandas have the sixth toe and the ability to feed upright.  These abilities combined with the plentifulness of bamboo make bamboo an ideal food source.  The giant panda also has a very muscular stomach wall covered with a thick layer of mucus to aid in the digesting of bamboo (Bies).  Giant pandas adapted to their environment several hundreds of year ago.  This is seen through their physical features that are unique to this species and very advantageous to eating bamboo.        Since bamboo is the major source of the giant pandas diet, logically the giant panda lives in bamboo forests.  These forest are usually at high elevations (Giant Panda), however, at one time pandas lived in river valleys as well.  Humans settled the river valleys and pushed the pandas into higher elevations (The Giant Panda).  Farmers take over part of the forest in order to graze livestock such as cattle or sheep.  These animals??? hooves loosen the soil making it hard for bamboo seeds to get a start (Mu).  On the other hand, panda help to distribute bamboo seeds (Bies).  As land is taken away from the pandas and there are fewer pandas to aid in the distribution of bamboo, less and less bamboo grows in order to feed the giant pandas.  Another problem derives from the short life span of some bamboo species.  Some species of bamboo flower and then die shortly after (Giant Panda).   All of the factors affecting the growth of bamboo directly affect the giant panda.  Although the giant panda may eat other foods such as fish and fruit, ninety-nine percent of their diet is bamboo (Bies).  The more bamboo destroyed means more giant pandas die of starvation.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15443
For many decades the precise taxonomic classification of the panda was under debate as both the Giant Panda and the distantly related Red Panda share characteristics of both bears and raccoons. However, genetic testing has revealed that Giant Pandas are true bears and part of the Ursidae family. Its closest bear relative is the Spectacled Bear of South America. Disagreement remains about whether or not the Red Panda belongs in Ursidae or the raccoon family, Procyonidae.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15444
Their jaw is differentTheir teeth(they re adapted to a vegetarian way of living)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15445
Im pretty sure a panda does not hibernate. All bears do hibernate.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24284
In china, the literal translation is bear-cat.

QUESTION ID: AEQ4EEJ8OA6BEQ7
QUESTION SUBJECT: somethings about cowhands or cowboys,like how they were originated and what they do.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79373
The short version hardly does justice to the American Cowboy.  The job of moving herds of cattle over great distances of wilderness is not and was not a task for wimps.  If you are really interested, check out the sites below to get a good start.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27484
I ll try the short version.  The spanish introduced cattle to Central and South American in the 16th or 17th century, and cattle drives didn t take place in US territories until the civil war when Union soldiers were fed mostly beef.  After the war, these soldiers (who survived) went home with a newly aquired taste for beef.  Soon it caught on on the east coast, and BAM the market value of a bull on the hoof went from about $3 to $30.  Cowboys used to round up free range cattle in Texas and all across the old west, and drive them to KC for auctions.  These cattle drives took months and it was very hard and dangerous work.  They worked in small groups with an overseer (Ram-Rod), 2 or4 swing men who to work the flanks and keep the herd heading the right direction and try to avoid stampedes.  Then there was the guys who had to bring up stragglers in the rear.  That was the worst job because of the choking dust and smell.  That is why cowboys wore bandanas.

QUESTION ID: AESWVRMI6V74JM6
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do you have low potassium levels?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 9447
If you are on diuretics (fluid pills) this can cause low potassium levels.  Too much vomiting if you are sick or have been sick can cause low potassium levels.  Low potassium is a symptom of another disease or condition. The normal concentration of potassium in the body is regulated by the kidneys through the excretion of urine.  The body needs potassium for the contraction of muscles (including the heart), and for the functioning of many complicated proteins (enzymes). Potassium is found primarily in the skeletal muscle and bone, and participates with sodium to contribute to the normal flow of body fluids between the cells in the body.Eating foods with Potassium does help such as banannas.  But if you are on diuretics as I am sometimes you may have to take Potassium pills to keep it  more balanced.  Click this link if you would like more info:http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/Hypokalemia
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44881
IT MAY BE KIDNEY RELATED. IF NOT, EAT A BANANA EVERY DAY
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44882
Hypokalemia can result from one or more of the following medical conditions:* Perhaps the most obvious cause is insufficient consumption of potassium (that is, a low-potassium diet). However, without excessive potassium loss from the body, this is a rare cause of hypokalemia. * A more common cause is excessive loss of potassium, often associated with excess water loss, which flushes potassium out of the body. Typically, this is a consequence of vomiting, diarrhea, or excessive perspiration. * Certain medications can accelerate the removal of potassium from the body; including thiazide diuretics, such as hydrochlorothiazide; loop diuretics, such as furosemide; as well as various laxatives. The antifungal amphotericin B has also been associated with hypokalemia. * A special case of potassium loss occurs with diabetic ketoacidosis. In addition to urinary losses from polyuria and volume contraction, there is also obligate loss of potassium from kidney tubules as a cationic partner to the negatively charged ketone, ??-hydroxybutyrate. * Hypomagnesemia can cause hypokalemia. Magnesium is required for adequate processing of potassium. This may become evident when hypokalemia persists despite potassium supplementation. Other electrolyte abnormalities may also be present. * Disease states that lead to abnormally high aldosterone levels can cause hypertension and excessive urinary losses of potassium. These include renal artery stenosis and tumors (generally non-malignant) of the adrenal glands. Hypertension and hypokalemia can also be seen with a deficiency of the 11??-hydroxylase enzyme which allows cortisols to stimulate aldosterone receptors. This deficiency can either be congenital or caused by consumption of glycyrrhizin, which is contained in extract of licorice, sometimes found in Herbal supplements, candies and chewing tobacco. * Rare hereditary defects of renal salt transporters, such as Bartter syndrome or Gitelman syndrome can cause hypokalemia, in a manner similar to that of diuretics. * Rare hereditary defects of muscular ion channels and transporters that cause hypokalemic periodic paralysis can precipitate occasional attacks of severe hypokalemia and muscle weakness. These defects cause a heightened sensitivity to catechols and/or insulin and/or thyroid hormone that lead to sudden influx of potassium from the extracellular fluid into the muscle cells.

QUESTION ID: AEZOJMN3D06YD1O
QUESTION SUBJECT: HOW CAN I LOSE WEIGHT AT HOME?
QUESTION CONTENT: WELL IAM 18 AND I HAVE NO MONEY TO BE WASTING ON A PRODUCT THAT MIGHT NOT WORK SO IAM LOOKIN FOR A FREE TRAIL OF SOME WEIGHT LOSS PILLS CAN YOU HELP ME
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72833
If you eat a high fiber diet, you ll get fuller faster, so you won t have a desire to eat as much. Also, the fiber will bind with toxins to remove impurities from your system. So eat your fruits, nuts, grains, and veggies!!! :P :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72834
Over the counter weight loss pills tend not to have anything you cannot get for less money.  Do not waste your money on detox pills or plans.Here is a simple plan, and the rest of my explanation tells why:A cup of coffee or two in the morning, another cup in the early afternoon.NO SUGAR drinks.  If you drink soda with sugar, you can probably lose ten pounds if you just switch to sugar free.Try not to eat junk.  You may break down and eat a fast food hamburger, but don t eat fries, or pie.  Hamburger at least has protein in it.Caffeine, which is an important ingredient in these pills is easily available in coffee or tea.  Another ingredien in one expensive pill that I used to see an advertisemen for on televsion is fiber.  Fiber will make you feel full, so you won t want to eat more.  Buy a box of Fiber One cereal, low carb past, or Lean Pockets Ultra (not regular lean pockets.)  These all usually have a lot of fiber in them.Your body makes fat in two main places: the liver and the fat cells, but mostly in the liver.  There are two important hormones involved in weight loss: insulin and glucagon (growth hormone also has some effects, and I will get to those in a minute).  The levels of these two homrones in your blood changes with blood sugar levels; this is the theoretical basis for low-carb diets.  When blood sugar is high, the pancreas produces insulin, which does the following:promotes manufacture of fatpromotes fat cells to take up fats from elsewhereinhibts the use of fat as fuel source.When your blood sugar decreases, glucagon is released, which does the opposite of Insulin.  It promotes fat burning and promotes fat cells to release fatty acids to the blood stream so that they can be used by muscle.  Caffeine prolongs the effects of glucagon (i.e. it will promote fat burning) by inhibiting an enzyme called phosphodiesterase.Growth Homrone also promotes fat loss and muscle growth.  The more muscle you have, the more fat you burn even while lying in bed.  Growth Hormone is generally released at night when ou sleep, but your body does not release it at the same time that it is releasing insulin.  This is why you should not have a big meal before bed; it will cause your body to make fat and also prevent it from releasing growth hormone.  Alcohol also maintains high insulin levels while you sleep and low growth hormone levels.As for detox and other crap; I am a big fan of natural medicine, but I only like natural medicine that science shows effective.  (Like use of some traditional chinese medicines and ayurvedic medicines.)  Detoxifiers usuallyccost a lot, and there is no scientific basis for it.  People believe in this, because they are naive.  It is amazing that detox plans talk so much about toxins, without ever naming a specific toxin, and without ever explaining a specific mechanism for the detox actions.

QUESTION ID: AFFTXOESXG7RA7T
QUESTION SUBJECT: How Loud is Mechanical Heart Valve?
QUESTION CONTENT: I ve had some episodes of nearly blacking out after strenuous exercise so I went to my doctor. My Aortic Bicuspid has slowly gotten narrower to the point where I am having troubles when my body demands more blood flow then can be pushed through the small valve.  I m at 0.6cm whereas a normal heart valve can open to 2.6cm.  And at 86mmHc mean Gradient which is considered severe / critical range.  I m still going to get a second opinion or more accurately a second echocardiogram at a univercity hospital instead of my local towns clinic to double check the numbers but I m fairly sure the outcome will be the same because of the symptoms.  I m just struggling with it cause I feel completely normal except for the fact of not being able to sustain a 5+ mph run for more then 1/8th a mile.I m only 32 years old.  So if I get my valve replaced I m told and agree mechanical is the way to go for the chance I wont need reoperation ever.  How Loud is it, how annoying is the noise?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87081
Hi Mike as you know I ve got a mechanical Aortic valve and with regard to how noisy it is, from personal experience, if you re sitting in a very quiet room someone sitting about a few feet away will be able to here it but I had mine fitted over twenty years ago and have no idea as to how loud the more modern ones are.As for how annoying they are at times it gets to me but most of the time I hardly notice it(although I suffer from anxiety attacks so sometimes it worries me) and at other times it s quite reassuring.I m getting a Echocardiogram soon as my doc has referred my to a heart and chest clinic for a yearly check up which will help as I ll know all is well!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44248
Hi Mike.  I had my mitral valve replaced with a mechanical valve and my mom had her aortic valve replaced with a mechanical valve.  So I know from experience, yes you can hear them, there is no doubt about it.  BUT.. if you are in a quiet room by yourself, it sounds as if a watch is ticking.  I had mine replaced 4 years ago.  When I first had the surgery done, I was very aware of the ticking, but as time goes by, you just forget about it and it leaves your mind and you don t pay attention to the ticking.  You just get use to it.  Now really the only time I notice is when it is very quiet such as going to bed, but it is not so loud you can t sleep or anything.  You just get use to it.  The other times I notice is when someone is standing close to me and it is quiet and they don t know my medical history, they will say what is that ticking noise?  You also want to be able to hear the ticking noise too because then you know it is working properly!!  But again, it is not really annoying except in the beginning right after surgery because you are just getting use to it at that time.  In time, you will not really pay it much attention.Also you will have to be on Coumadin with a mechanical valve.  You have have to have regular INR checks, I have to go every 4 weeks for the rest of my life.  That is probably more irritating than any ticking noise.  But again, you get in a routine with that also and you just get use to it, because you have to accept it.  Best wishes to you.

QUESTION ID: AJ0Q5LMBPIVK47J
QUESTION SUBJECT: How quickly do the effects of Red Bull kick in/wear off?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73579
It s caffeine. Great big doses in a small amount of time. It is directly and quickly impacting your neurotransmitters (NTX) adenosine, and dopamine. This is not good in the long term. Caffeine is pretending to be adenosine, your happy sleepy NTXs. Over the long term, caffeine use will start to mess with sleep patterns, robbing you of deep sleep. Thus making you MORE sleepy. Not to mention the excess adrenaline you???ve pumped through you system, this can make you sore and tired. Heck, it might even be kicking up your cortisol release (not sure about that one, but it seems logical). Um, cortisol in the long term destroys brain cells.What it does to dopamine is even more disturbing. It does the same damn thing that cocaine does. It stops the reuptake; this is leaving excess dopamine in the synaptic gap, more to be picked up by the receiving cell. You might think this is a good thing, but it s not in the long term. The receiving cell will start to adjust the receptors and you will end up needing more and more (addiction!)You are way out of homeostasis in your brain if you use a lot of caffeine.Stopping use after a period of time can lead to depression, terrible headaches, and lethargy. If you start up again to quiet the beast you get the old rebound effect??? it will be harder to quit the next time you try.My advice is to use caffeine sparingly, when you need a jolt. Don???t go using it all the time until it uses you instead of you using it.<stepping off soapbox now>
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8157
Red Bull contains mainly caffine and other energizing elements. Caffine takes two hours to fully kick in. It has been proven to increase performance of athletes if taken 2 hours before the activity. Lasts about 4-5 hours. If you drink caffine every day you build up tolerence to it and it doesnt work as well. I only drink it before basketball games 2 or 3 times a week. I get a blast of energy from it.

QUESTION ID: AJ4O8ADVQRESX50
QUESTION SUBJECT: ok. my heart isn t working properly and I need a pacemaker? Does anyone know how the surgery will work?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m asking cause the doctors just told me I needed surgery! How nice
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10693
I ve been in the position of being through the surgery. I can tell you what you will probably see. I got to the hospital, was assigned a room. They might play one of those stupid living with a pacemaker videos for you. A tech came to run a few tests on my heart, i.e. attach some pads to me for a couple minutes. A nurse did the standard blood pressure, weight, etc at some point. About a half hour to an hour before surgery a nurse shaved and scrubbed my left and right shoulders. At which time they explained to me that the device will be put well I am right handed, they were planning on my left shoulder. However if they have any problems they will go to the other side. They stayed on my left side. I believe I was hooked up to an IV at this time too. About 10 or 15 minutes before they come to retrieve you they give you a pill that does most of the sedation. Then they came to transport me down. The nurse helped me walk from one bed to the one they were talking me to surgery on. I needed the help to steady me. We got to the surgery room. They strapped down my arms and legs, covered me with some sort of sheet and slide off my hospital robe. They did more shaving and attached a lot of pads for monitoring to me. The doctor asked me a few questions. I wasn t that coherent at that point, so I imagine I sounded very drugged.  They gave me a shot of something else as I m sensitive to iodine and they don t want to risk an allergic reaction. Then inject a solution into me for a xray. The solution contains iodine. The x-ray they took was on a monitor in front of me. It was kind of interesting to see. What it showed is a major blood vessel going to the heart and the surrounding bones.Then they asked me to turn my head to the right. They covered my head with a sheet only to build a tent around my head a bit later. I could only see one color from here on. Most people fall asleep at some point following this. With the injection to prevent the allergic reaction, it was guaranteed with me. The next thing I remember is feeling a jolt in some sort of dream like world. The doctor latter told me there was more than one. A while later I was in bed in my room. My head and left arm had plenty of pillows and arm was in a sling. I don t remember much more about the day. I know the nurses have me some very strong pain medication every handful of hours. They were upset that I didn t request more medication. They helped me order supper. The food was moderately good. Just slightly better than fast food quality. Otherwise it was TV and sleep. The next day you get to talk with the surgeon, technicians come and set a device on top of your pacemaker that is connected to a computer. They do something and leave. Maybe your original doctor will stop in if he has time. I wasn t allowed to lift my arm above my shoulder for 7 weeks. It was suppose to be 8 weeks originally but the doctor didn t hold to that. 10 to 14 days after I visited the pacemaker clinic. They programmed the pacemaker and introduce me to another device they ordered for me that would read my pacemaker from home and send a fax. After another month they sedated me again and purposely induced heart problems to see how my pacemaker reacted.    That is where i am now. This happened just a handful of months ago. A pacemaker or defibrillator are insurance to make certain that your heart doesn t do something to kill you in the future. I should have one because I have the same heart disease as my old sister died from.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13284
ASK YOUR DOCTOR!!!Just in case get a second and even a third opinion
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17076
i dont think you want to know what is going to happen.they are going to make you betterthats all you need to know.you dont need to get freaked out anymore.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36586
I am a registered nurse in a whole different field, but I do know you  have the right to what is called informed consent.   Your cardiologist is obliged by the law to explain the procedure to you and give you time to ask questions and get answers to the questions.  You also must be informed of the benefits and the risks of the procedure which almost always include things such as infection, hole in the heart, death etc.  If your doctor is not taking the time to explain these things to you, I would be inclined to think he isa money grubbing jerk who doesnt care about his/her pts concerns I would find a new doctor. I dont mean to sound like a rip, but I find foreign doctors often suffer from over inflated self and treat their American patients like crap. I work with them and I know this to be a fact.Dont waste any time.  If you need a pacemaker, it should be done ASAP. Please get a 2nd opinion.  Insurance companies pay for 2nd opinions on a routine basis and you most certainly deserve one.I am a heart patient myself and found out I did not need a pacemaker about a year ago and I am concerned for you.Also, a cardiac electrophysiologist is the kind of MD you need to be talking to.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36588
I can`t tell you exactly how it works as I am not a doctor but I worked as a carer IN a home and one of our clients had one .....Oh dear ,,he chased us up and down the corridors days afterwards ,he seemed so docile before ,good luck if it`s your partner
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36589
I have SVT and have to have Catheter Ablation therapy next year.  I looked up what happens during the procedure on the internet, and believe me, too much info just causes your heart to go even faster!!  Your Healthcare professional should be able to give you all the facts you want to know, and probably some more that you wish you hadn t asked!  Good luck x

QUESTION ID: AKEJCM2EZ52TOXO
QUESTION SUBJECT: how long does it take for you to become infertile from clymidia?
QUESTION CONTENT: sorry about spelling. inquiring for a friend :>
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5673
Chlamydia is the best STD to catch if ya had to pick one. It takes years to become infertitle from it.  Many women never know they are infected because of the lack of symptoms. If women do get symptoms it could mock a yeast infection so many women just go to the store and by some yeast medicine. I am not saying catching an STD is not serious (because it could lead to physical problems, and has emotional consequences as well) but getting treated early for Chlamydia is great. HOWEVER keep going back to make sure it is gone. Too many women take the medicine and think its all over but the medicine really was not strong enough... the doctor can provide a better medicine and then you should be fine
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5674
* If Chlamydia is Not Treated:    Without treatment, chlamydia infection can spread to other parts of the body causing damage and serious long-term health problems.    In women,chlamydia can cause pelvic inflammatory disease, which can lead to:        * ectopic pregnancy (a pregnancy outside the womb)        * blocked fallopian tubes (the tubes which carry the egg from the ovaries to the womb), which can result in reduced fertility or infertility        * long-term pelvic pain        * early miscarriage or premature birthIn some cases, gonorrhea also co-infect with chlamydia. Sterility occurs if and when the chlamydial / gonococcal infection spreads to uterus, fallopian tubes and ovaries.

QUESTION ID: ALCZKM6P6G50RYS
QUESTION SUBJECT: How would different types of leukemia be diagnosed or detected?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9520
blood test
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89750
Leukemia may be suspected if a person presents with any combination of the symptoms above.  A complete blood count (CBC) blood test may further increase the doctor???s concern.  The CBC may show abnormally high or abnormally low white blood cell counts.  In addition, there may be abnormalities of the red blood cells or platelets.  In some cases, there may be blasts (immature white blood cells) present in the CBC. In most cases, the diagnosis of leukemia is confirmed by a bone marrow biopsy.  Pathologists (doctors who look at tissue under the microscope) and hematologists (doctors specializing in blood diseases) will analyze the bone marrow and determine which type of cell has become cancerous and whether the leukemia is acute or chronic.  In many cases, cytogenetic studies (studies of the genetic material in cells) may be done to provide additional information about the leukemia thatwill help the doctors determine the best treatments.Leukemia is not staged numerically (I, II, III, or IV), the way many other cancers are staged, with the exception of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL).  Rather, its classification as acute or chronic will give some indication as to the seriousness of the disease.  In addition, various prognostic factors, such as the blood counts, cytogenetics and persons general health will help to guide treatment decisions.-

QUESTION ID: AMHRIR1XS06C1C7
QUESTION SUBJECT: How would I solve 2X/5 - 1/2 (X-3) is less than or equal to 2X/3 - 3/10 (X+2) ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6885
Multiply by 30.  30{ 2x/5-1/2(x-3)<= 2x/3-3/10(x+2)}                               12x - 15(x-3)<= 20x -9(X+2)}                                12X -15X+45<=20X-9X-18                                         -3X+45<= 11X-18                                      -3X+45-45<= 11X-18-45                                                -3X<= 11X -63                                          -3X-11X<= 11X-63-11X                                                -14X<= -63                                              -14X/-14>= -63/-14                                                     X>= 9/2                                                      X>=4 1/2 OR 4.5
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2360
2x/5 - 1/2 (x-3) ??? 2x/3 - 3/10 (x+2)2x/5 - x/2  + 3/2 ??? 2x/3 - 3x/10 - 6/102x/5 - x/2  - 2x / 3 + 3x/10 ??? - 6/10 - 3/212x/30 - 15x/30  - 20x /30 + 9x/30 ??? - 6/10 - 15/10- 14x/30 ??? - 21/10x ??? (- 21/10) / (- 14/30)x ??? (- 21/10) . (- 30/14)x ??? 9/2Alejandra

QUESTION ID: AMIXO1O4MTX5FHT
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is my blood pressure 160 over 102 when i am healthy and never had high blood pressure before ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 44
There are loads of types of high blood pressure - read on....Primary hypertension:More than 9 in 10 people with high blood pressure have what s called primary or essential hypertension . This means that there s no single clear cause of it.Although the exact cause of high blood pressure isn t fully understood, it s known that some factors to do with your lifestyle can contribute. These include:    * smoking    * your family history    * obesity (being very overweight)    * drinking a lot of alcohol - especially if you binge drink    * a lack of exercise    * your dietSecondary hypertension:Around 5 in 10 people with high blood pressure have secondary hypertension . This means your condition can be linked to a recognised cause - in fact, it may be a symptom of another underlying disease or factor such as:    * kidney disease    * endocrine disease    * narrowing of the aorta    * steroid medicines    * the contraceptive pill    * pregnancy, which can cause pre-eclampsiaSo there you go.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45
Idk, but 160/102 is definitely NOT safe.You need to lose weight, cut out salt and begin an exercise regimen, or you need to take meds from your dr.   High blood pressure can destroy lots of organs, not the least of which is your eyesight.  You could have a stroke if your pressure gets too high.You aren t healthy anymore.  You have high blood pressure.  Behave accordingly.TX MomHBP 8 years
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46
Saturated fat is the main dietary cause of high blood cholesterol. Saturated fat is found mostly in foods from animals and some plants. Foods from animals include beef, beef fat, veal, lamb, pork, lard, poultry fat, butter, cream, milk, cheeses and other dairy products made from whole and 2 percent milk. All of these foods also contain dietary cholesterol. Foods from plants that contain saturated fat include coconut, coconut oil, palm oil and palm kernel oil (often called tropical oils), and cocoa butter.High cholesterol causes high blood pressure. The best thing for high cholesterol is Losing weight.  A plant-based diet in conjunction with a properly conducted fast most often leads to a total recovery or a vast improvement in hypertension and angina.

QUESTION ID: AMNIMDU73M17GGA
QUESTION SUBJECT: how should i grow my height?
QUESTION CONTENT: i am 16 years old. plz tell me some medicine.not skiping or cyclingi am a female.please help me.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77115
You can t change your height it s hereditary if your parents and grandparents are small then you will be. But at the age of 16 {especially if male}then you may still have more growing to do.There are growth hormones available from a doctor but they have to be started in childhood and are dangerous.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77116
hi. i am 5 2 and for a while was very self-conscious about my height. i felt short and stout (like a teapot!) and wanted for the world to be taller, even if it was just an inch or two! it didn t help that my female cousins were over 6 feet tall, and that i am big fans of Takarazuka, a musical theater company in Japan, where are all my favorite actresses are tall (at least 5 7 ) and slender.I felt very bad and looked online for solutions. There are websites that sell growth hormones and other drugs.However, these are not good for you. They damage your bones&cartilage and could lead to long-term health effects. That s assuming that they do work. Most of the time they don t! My friend s neighbor tried it but it did not help at all.Height is not something you can change, but you can change your attitude about it. I used to feel bad, but now, I don t anymore! I really don t mind at all.Are you a male or female? For females, it s OK not to be tall like a model. There are benefits too, like you don t have to feel awkward when slow-dancing with a guy, and you can feel cute and petite (come on! don t roll your eyes, it s true.) For example, Eva Longoria on Desperate Housewives is the shortest person in the cast at only 5 2 but she is hot!If you re a male, you also do not need to worry. Lots of people think short guys are less imposing or something, but in the end it s personality that counts. Tom Cruise is relatively short, but he s one of the hottest celebrities out there. I have some male college professors that are shorter than 5 2 but they have perfectly successful careers and families. Just be yourself! You can prove to people that you re cool, no matter what height you are.Plus, I ve noticed that guys who are not extremely tall tend to look better when dancing. Just noticed. :-)It s not how you look, it s the things you do that define you. So hope you won t worry too much about getting taller; what will be will be. However, you can maximize what your hereditary traits are by sleeping well and eating healthy balanced diet and exercising. You re only 16 so you still have time to grow in a healthy way. Don t go for some quack medicine cause that ll just mess up your system even worse. Take care now!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77117
there is a surgery where they break the bones in your legs, extend them then set them so when they fuse back together your legs are longer, therefore making you taller

QUESTION ID: AMYX5O4YR8F2OHO
QUESTION SUBJECT: So how does speed affect the observance of time?
QUESTION CONTENT: Is it that if you are travelling at the speed of light then time goes slower?  Is there any instance where twins could be born and then separated.  One goes on a super spaceship and the other goes on a spaceship.  The spaceship returns after twenty years.  Is there an instance where the person on the spaceship would be older or younger?  Feel free to use equations.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2496
>Is it that if you are travelling at the speed of light then time goes slower?Sort of.  If you are traveling at ANY speed, time goes slower, but the effects are hardly noticeable at slow speeds, and are very noticeable as speeds get closer to the speed of light.  You cannot travel AT the speed of light (that is forbidden by the very same equations).>One goes on a super spaceship and the other goes on a spaceship.So there are two spaceships?  Is the super one faster?  The twin in the faster spaceship ages more slowly, and will be younger than the other twin when both return after 20 years.>Feel free to use equations.If amount of time T elapses on earth, then the amount of time that elapses on the spaceship is:T??? = T??sqrt(1 - v?? / c??)Where v is the spaceship s velocity, and c is the speed of light.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8013
The faster you go, the slower time is relative to you. if you traveled in a spaceship at the speed of light for a year (relative toy you), and then came back to earth, it would be 500 years later relative to everybody else. Studies have shown that airplane pilots age slower then everybody else, although this effect is negligible. Basically, the faster you go over long periods of time, the slower you get old. Time slows down with faster speeds.

QUESTION ID: ANIDWNBLW05CNDC
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does college work? What is b.a., undergraduate, and graduate mean?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78910
jacquefromtexas45 seconds ago4 types of degrees- Associates (2 year) Bachelors (4 years) Masters (at least 2 years past Bachelors), Doctorate, (at least 2 years past Masters plus a dissertation).Glossary: Undergrad= Not finished a Bachelor sGraduate= Finished a bachelors, pursuing an advanced degree.Post-Grad= Finished a Master s Source(s):I ve been all of the above at some point. Edit   Delete
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27146
If you are referring to the education system here in the UK, then here goes...First of all, unlike the USA and many other countries, we don t call it college when you start studying for a degree - we tend to refer to it as university because college means something different over here. The usual route through our education system goes something like this:* School (compulsory): age 5-16 (qualifications - GCSEs, which you study for the last 2 years)* College (optional): age 16-18, although anyone above this age can enrol at college as well (qualifications - A-Levels / AS-Levels, which last either 2 years or 1 year)* University (optional): age 18+ (qualifications - Bachelors degrees, Postgraduate degrees, doctorates/PhDs)When at university, you can either study for a BA (Bachelors of Arts) or a BSc (Bachelors of Science) depending on the subject. Whilst studying for these degrees (which are usually about 3-4 years in length) you are known as an undergraduate . When you have finished your course and graduate, you are known as a graduate .Some people then go on to study for a postgraduate qualification. There are three main types: MA/MSc (Master of Arts / Master of Science, which usually last about 1 year), MRes (Master of Research, which usually last 1-2 years), or a doctorate/PhD (which usually lasts about 3-4 years). Whilst you are studying for these qualifications you are known as a postgraduate or graduate student.There are different qualifications you can take at college and university but I ve just mentioned the main ones.I hope this helps! :-)Missy x

QUESTION ID: ANTNTXAR3ZJQSLX
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does nondisjunction during meiosis lead to down s syndrome?
QUESTION CONTENT: i know basically why and how but i was wondering if anyone oculd elaborate and provide links to diagrams perhapsplease? :)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6821
no diagram, but when the cell is going through meiosis, the chromosomes are lined up in order and pulled apart as the cell separates. sometimes, however, a chromosomal pair will not come apart, and instead both go to one side of the cell as it divides, creating a gamete with two of one type of chromosome instead of one. this then bonds with the gamete of the opposite sex (whether egg or sperm), and the resulting embryo will have three of one chromosome (instead of two). in the case of down syndrome, it is chromosome 21 that goes through nondisjunction.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6822
Several researches done in the past have shown that Down syndrome has four root causes:Non-disjunction eventTrisomy 21 is caused by a meiotic non-disjunction event. In this case the child has three copies of every gene on chromosome 21. This is the most common cause because about 96% of Down???s syndromes, with 88% coming from the maternal gamete and 8% coming from the paternal gamete, are caused by this non-disjunction! TranslocationThe extra material is due to a change called translocation. The long part of 21 is attached to another chromosome. The parent with the translocation is missing information on the short arm of 21, but this does not have apparent effects. Through normal disjunction during meiosis, gametes are produced with extra copies of the long arm of chromosome 21. This isn t so common cause of Down syndrome because it is the cause of 2-3% of the observed cases.Normal arrangement and trisomy - combined The individual is a mosaic of normal chromosomal arrangements and trisomy 21. This can occur in one of two ways: A non-disjunction event during an early cell division leads to a fraction of the cells with trisomy 21; or A Down syndrome embryo undergoes non-disjunction and some of the cells in the embryo revert back to the normal chromosomal arrangement. This is the cause of 1-2% of the observed Down syndromes. Duplication Rarely, a region of the 21st chromosome will undergo a duplication event. This will lead to extra copies of some, but not all, of the genes on chromosome 21.

QUESTION ID: AO32WLOKZLFXKPE
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long after all life support is discontinued does it take to pass away?
QUESTION CONTENT: Of course when anyone passes its a tough time. I and my family have made the descision to end all support for my dad. he has terminal cancer and has been fighting it for 3 years. He now has moved down hill very rapidly and drasticly. We have talked to his doctors and medical peronal and came to this descision. he didnt want to be left on anything if there was no hope, and there is not any. He has been fighting infections and cancer for quite sometime. He has been taken off his anitbiotics and TPN wich is a intervenious *sp* feeding.  does anyone know how long, it takes nature to take its course? this is such a difficult time for all of us. I am 7 months Pregnant and we were all hoping he would get to see his first grandson. If any one else has been throught this and has anything to share its aprecated. Please for those of you who are judgemental , you dont need to leave any comments. its our descision to make not yours.. Thanks to everyone who will answer.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86876
How long it will take depends on the state of the heart, lungs and kidneys, and if he is still able to take fluids.  It can take anywhere from a few days to a few weeks, until either the cancer reaches a point where it affects vitalfunctions, he is overwhelmed by infection and goes into septic shock which will shut down the kidneys, or if he develops pneumonia.  If he is not recieving any fluids at all, it will be only a matter of days.  I don t think you need to feel defensive about the decision.  You are not doing things to extend his life, but you are also not doing anything to hasten it either.  Letting go is never easy, and anyone who thinks it is has never worn your shoes.    I m sorry you are having to watch all this in your condition, as you say it s not ever easy but I m sure it s even harder to witness the end of one life and anticipate a new one.  The doctors assisting your family are the best one s to judge as far as time left, as they are most familiar with his overall condition.   If you are a spiritual family, it may be helpful if you have your chosen advisor at hand while you wait this out.  Even when the end is anticipated, when it arrives it is always just as hard on the loved one s left behind.   The dying is harder on those who will live afterwards.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43531
by life support you mean the tpn,right? when my sis went off her tpn i.v., she lasted 11 days.10 of those 11 days were spent curled up on her bed. she couldn t communicate or move though i do believe she was aware. each person is different though. you should talk to his hospice nurse. they ve been through this many times and can answer your q s. i m so very sorry you ll have to go through this. even though it s the best thing, it isn t easy. god bless you and your family. tell that little one all about his grandpa. he ll be watching out for him.

QUESTION ID: AOO6Q04DKG7WWTX
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can Adrenal Fatigue be treated?
QUESTION CONTENT: I think I have Adrenal Fatigue.  How is this treated?  Can detoxing my system regulate my Adrenal Glands?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69733
Hypoadrenia is a term for a hypothesised condition of the adrenal glands. The terms adrenal exhaustion or adrenal fatigue are often used (and connected to hypoadrenia) by complementary and alternative therapists, but are not formal medical terms.The adrenal glands are part of the body s mechanism for short term stress response and management, they are involved in the production of the hormone adrenaline (also known as epinephrine), the famous fight or flight chemical released in stressful situations, which increases the body s metabolic rate and muscular contraction strength. Along with the thyroid gland they are also part of the body s metabolic energy regulation and control system, and thus control to an extent the energy available to body systems.It has been theorized by alternative medical practitioners that under conditions of long term stress, the adrenal glands can become less responsive to circumstance, or maladapted, and cease to function optimally, leading to a wide (but slightly vague) range of fatigue and stress related conditions including a greater likelihood of psychological conditions such as depression and possibly certain other mood disorders. However, it is important to note that this theory has not yet gained acceptance within mainstream medicine.Biologically, long term stress is a modern phenomenon in the human environment (in evolutionary terms through most of human and mammalian history, stress was a reaction to a point incident, rather than a continuing way of life). As a result, the human body and its internal regulatory mechanisms are poorly adapted to handling many aspects of the types of stress found in civilized cultures. They evolved, so to speak, to react to predator attacks, rather than (for example) constant belittlement, decades long abuse, high risk hobbies, pressure to succeed, or existential and religious inspired worries about ones life and future.Organs such as the brain, the endocrine system-- including the sympathetic and parasympathetic systems, and the various glands contained therein, which were not evolved for, or designed to handle and respond optimally to, constant stimulation may therefore, under modern social conditions, become constantly or abnormally stimulated. Other organs which form part of the whole, such as the nervous and musculoskeletal system, are also made to work for decades under different (and comparatively abnormal) conditions than existed throughout the rest of human evolution.It has been hypothesised by alternative medical practitioners, but not clinically proven, that under certain long term stress and physical conditions, that the body s stress management systems cease to regulate stress and stress related body systems and hormones appropriately, and instead become adapted to continual over stimulation in various inappropriate ways which can lead to the symptoms described. This is strictly hypothetical, and by no means universally accepted, particularly in mainstream medicine.[edit]SymptomsThe theorized symptoms for adrenal exhaustion include a depletion of energy reserves and a loss of resilience. They range from fatigue, nervousness, anxiety, exacerbated PMS,depression, brain fog and carbohydrate cravings to allergies, muscular pain, tenderness, joint pain and irritable bowel syndrome.[edit]Clinical views on hypoadrenia Adrenal exhaustion and adrenal fatigue are common diagnoses in alternative medicine, but are not recognized in conventional medicine. The mainstream medical view of hypoadrenia is that its alleged symptoms are vague and non-specific, and that day-to-day emotional stress is highly unlikely to lead to an exhaustion or imbalance of the adrenal glands.Psychological conditions and mood disorders referenced above may be linked to hypoadrenia. Symptoms of chronic fatigue and depression could result from diminished adrenal stores, caused by prolonged exposure to a particular stressor (i.e. poverty) or a series of stressful events occurring closely together (i.e. loss of job, divorce, and children ill). The adrenal gland, responsible among other functions for producing cortisol, when in constant use may produce cortisol over a long period of time, resulting in a high amount of cortisol in the bloodstream. Cortisol functions to return the body to a state of rest/repose after a stressor or fight/flight stimulus. An individual with low cortisol levels may demonstrate mood disorders as anxiety, depression or fatigue as a result of the increased cortisol present in the bloodstream. An indication that psychological conditions may be linked to the amount of cortisol is that the hypothalamus, or master gland, is shared by both the nervous system and the endocrine system; endocrine system containing the adrenal gland and hormone cortisol
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45855
http://health.groups.yahoo.com/group/TheOpenDoorForsupport/

QUESTION ID: AQXHRXOPDMB7L25
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why most people believe that communism is less evil than nazism?
QUESTION CONTENT: Democratic governments will talk to communist but never would tolerate a nazi. Both systems are known for killing millions and being evil...Anyway what element of communist propaganda or doctrine created this aura that it s noble system?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79719
Communists just have better PR, in my opinion.  No one wanted to admit how hideous Stalin and Mao were.  Too many intellectualists (not intellectuals, but intellectualISTS--there is a difference) find the notions of communism appealing due to the fact that they place intellectuals on a pedesatl above all others.  When it gets right down to it, in practice communism is just as dead-set on heirarchy and the superiority of a minority against the majority as Fascism is.  The intellectuals were given postions of prominence while the masses toiled, suffered, died, and were enslaved in the Gulags.  Communisms was INCREDIBLY aggressive, and it is absurd that anyone would suggest otherwise--they clearly don t know their history.  And Stalin certainly had no problem with inflicting a genocide against the Ukrainian people.  We are less aware of the terrors of Stalin because the rise of the iron curtain stopped the flood of refuges that might have come to the US and spoken of the horrors, whereas a great manyJews fled western Europe and the formerly Nazi-occupied territory, and made us well aware of exactly how ugly that was.As for JimmyR.com, you re full of it.  Slavery and the destruction of the Amerindian culture, land, and people was a terrible tragedy--no doubt about that.  But you are confusing military and religious endeavors.  In the Spanish conquest, the missionaries were certainly no saints, but it was the Conqustadores that were the true genocidal bastards.  the mossionaries, despite their flaws, are responsible for much of he documenting of the terror that occured, and in many cases had the Conquistadores tried in Europe for their crimes against the Amerindian people.  In the US proper, the religious fundamentalists in the North (Puritans) were far more peaceful and almost entirely unreliant on slavery.  Rather, it was those who came for strictly monetary reasons that were the greatest purveyors of violence against the Amerindians, and the greatest expoliters of African slaves.  It was not a religious thing, and it was not done in the name of any religion. Meanwhile, the Communists were devoutly atheistic, and they killed millions upon millions of people.  The entire populations of all the Americas at the time of Columbus first voyage is dwarfed by the number of people that Stalin killed.  You are completely deluded to think that Stalin was not the greater butcher.  Throw in Lenin, Mao, Pol Pot, Ho Chi Minh, Castro, Kim Jung Il, and the entire Eastern Block, and you are looking at a force which was devastating on a scale hitherto unknown.  Who are you trying to kid?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18411
ww2
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27826
The theories of communism are better on paper, but can not be done in practice due to flaws in the system.  It is a utopia set of ideals.  Communism relies on all people be the same, which is against human nature.  Nazism is based on people beingdifferent with some people superior, which is against the ideal of most people.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27827
Mainly because the Marxist thug Stalin was our ally during WWII.  We didn t care that Stalin purged his government of people who were his rival because it was an internal conflictCommunism isn t less aggressive, the west just turned a blind eye to the cultural revolution in China where teachers were killed in front of their students.  After we pulled out of Viet Nam no one cared about the slaughter of Pol Pot in Cambodia.The difference is the overstretching of Germany in WWII and then the discovery of the final solution. Which was one of the worlds worsts slaughters but still doesn t rival what Stalin did to his own people.Socialism by any stripe has got to result in bloodshed, according to Marx, so as to purify the masses.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31062
Communism is based on simple principles. People are not evil not the systems. The systems are logical and intended to bring equality. Many people think they work best than the USA s republic. YES ITS A REPUBLIC NOT A DEMOCRACY! and to the republic for which it stands...Religious fundamentalist created the worst genocide ever with racism and evil. It was the united states slaughtering the indians and stealing their land, then creating slavery.

QUESTION ID: ARIH31YS6DYPKEA
QUESTION SUBJECT: HOW THE PLANET SYSTEMS ARE WORKING?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76046
Um... what are you asking here?  I think an answer would be that the planets revolve around the sun because the sun it so massive that it makes a small dent in space-time, and the planets fall towards the depression.  There are 9 planets in the solar system, and Earth is the third from the sun and the largest of the inner rocky - planets.  Many of the planets have satellites, called moons.  Earth s moon is called Luna which is (relative to the size of its planet) particularly large.  The planets also rotate on their axises (which is why we have, among other things, night and day).  Nearly all planets also have an atmosphere, a layer of gas that exists above the planet s surface, though only Earth has an atmosphere suitable for breathing.   Beyond Pluto, the last official planet, is a very large void followed by a large collection of planetary fragements (meteors), then another large void.  The solar system ends at a boundry called the heliopause, the outtermost reaches of the sun s solar winds (think of it as a wind made of radiation).  If you travel through the heliopause, you would experience an arguably extreme termination shock as you enter an even larger void into interstellerspace.  Okay, that s all I got.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24778
Of the 173 extrasolar planets (those outside our solar system) discovered to date (October 2005) most have masseswhich are about the same or larger than Jupiter s.Exceptions include a number of planets discovered orbiting burned-out star remnants called pulsars, such as PSR B1257+12, the planets orbiting the stars Mu Arae, 55 Cancri and GJ 436 which are approximately Neptune-sized [1], and a planet orbiting Gliese 876 that is estimated to be about 6 to 8 times as massive as the Earth and is probably rocky in origin.It is far from clear if the newly discovered large planets would resemble the gas giants in our solar system or if they are of an entirely different type as yet unknown, like ammonia giants or carbon planets. In particular, some of the newly discovered planets, known as hot Jupiters, orbit extremely close to their parent stars, in nearly circular orbits. They therefore receive much more stellar radiation than the gas giants in our solar system, which makes it questionable whether they are the same type of planet at all. There is also a class of hot Jupiters that orbit so close to their star that their atmospheres are slowly blown away in a comet-like tail: the Chthonian planets

QUESTION ID: ATRLWWREGQHFVMR
QUESTION SUBJECT: If God is perfect , then why aren t humans?
QUESTION CONTENT: If a perfect being can only create perfection, because it is a perfect being....Then what went wrong with the creation of humans?Humans, to me, are just about the worse case of any life form that I can think of.Honestly, Where did things go wrong in this devine plan for us?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87439
If human beings had been perfect... the necessity of creating human beings would not have arisen! The existence of living beings confirms the fact that there exists impurities in the soul atman within. Analyzing the facts of the Cosmos... it becomes clear that moment the big bang occurred... all souls atmans in the Cosmos spread in the cosmos at unimaginable speeds.As the rolling ball gathers moss... the encircling souls atmans also gathered impurities in their cosmic journey. To remove the dross within... the impurities within... starts the cosmic journey of the soul atman. Every soul atman initially manifests the form of an amoeba (single cell formation)... the first manifestation in the cosmic life cycle!It further evolves into multi-cell formation, then insect life, plant life, animal life and finally the form of a human being. The moment the dross within a soul atman removes completely it announces the gainingof enlightenment (kaivalya jnana) by that manifested form we know as human being! Gaining enlightenment by a human being announces liberation of the soul atman within from the cycle of birth and death forever. As long as the impurity within the soul atman remains... it keeps on manifesting life forms one after another! The form of a human being is the highest manifest stage in the cosmic life cycle!Only as a human being the soul atman within regains its prime pure pristine original form! Never from heaven or hell can the soul atman gain direct entry into the kingdom of God (aka Baikuntha in Hinduism). The moment Mahavira, Gautama Buddha, Jesus Christ and Prophet Mohammed gained enlightenment and finally salvation (moksha)... it was all over for the soul atman within!In the cosmic system it is the soul atman that is on its cosmic journey! It is our soul atman that has manifested the body to work out its karma... eradicate the impurities within! The sole purpose of a soul atman is getting liberated from the bondage of Samsara (worldly life) at the earliest! The moment a human being reaches the last leg of cosmic life... the 8.4 millionth manifestation... it announces the end of the cosmic journey for the soul atman within! More on Humans Beings and God - http://www.godrealized.org/humanbeings/human_being.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 33479
I don t know.All I know is that if a God exists, he isn t perfect.He kills innocent babies, people.He lets the criminals and the diseases that killed these people live on.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 33480
this is my honest answer.(sources)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45606
We have free will.  He allows us to make mistakes because some of us can only learn things through experience.  There s a quote that says, You cannot have a light without a dark to put it in. Even if there are many bad things that happen in life, we learn something from it.  We are learning to perfect ourselves, to be more godlike, through experience.  For example say there is a person who is interested in sailing.  He buys a ton of books on sailing, but nothing can compare to the real experience of getting in a boat and going on the water.  We can tell you how to perfect yourself, but sometimes it doesn t stick.  So we are tested again and again in order to learn from it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45607
Your reasoning is all over the place.1.A perfect being can only create perfection2.Because it is perfect3.Humans are not perfect4.Hence, God is not perfect.Problems with your reasoning.1. Why can a perfect being only create perfection? If God is a perfect and an all powerful being it would seem logical that he would have the power to create beings that are not perfect. Correct?2. Here you are implying that perfection has it`s limitations. A perfect being can only create perfection. If a being is perfect it  seems that it would not be so limited.3. When you say humans are not perfect, you must explain what you define as perfection. Humans are perfect in some respects but not in others. For example - Our cells have structured together in a perfect way to make us functional living organisms. But the human mind itself is not perfect. You must expand upon that idea you can`t just open the door and leave it up to the readers to figure it out.4. Since each one of your preceding premises is grossly flawed this argument is deductively invalid.Pick up a philosophy book and read, it helped me out a great deal in constructing logical arguments. You need some help.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45608
Perfect is a concept.  God is free of concepts, otherwise he would be at the mercy of definitions.  He bears everything and is everything.Like you that own your body and its billion cells, everything is God s cells.  Your cells don t know about you the way you do, and similarly you don t know about God the way he does.  With all your traits and attributes, good and bad, as one might define, you just are!  So is God.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45609
Remember first that we are just creations.  And THE ONE that created us wishes to make His creation as perfect as can be; - Perfect human beings, NOT perfect GODS.Human would have been perfect (in a sense) if he just obeyed one simple instruction from his creator- THE MOST PERFECT ONE.  The One True God that made you, me, and everything on this earth, and everything beyond earth.As human chooses to be more imperfect through his own distorted will, more mistakes are made, more sufferings are inflicted, more blood is recklessly spilled, of which human idiocy turns its blame to The One he s already disobeyed from the start.  If this logic can t be seen yet...come closer.No human or living creature can be compared to God.  All of us are sinners at the mercy of The Most Gracious Lord.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45610
Many people regard Shakespeare as worlds best writer.  They consider his plays to be dramatic perfection.And yet, these plays are filled with troubled, flawed and downright evil characters.  So where did Shakespeare go wrong?

QUESTION ID: AU3TLVFUNHRFVP4
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is coal converted to gasoline?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75698
I was in the same boat as the guy who answered this question before me, but after reading a few news articles I realize that it is true. Hydrocarbon Technologies, a Utah subsidiary of Headwaters Incorporated, announced that the $2 billion project with Shenhua Group, China s largest coal company, would eventually produce 50,000 barrels of clean-burning gasoline and diesel fuel per day. http://www.upi.com/inc/view.php?StoryID=19062002-041015-4320rHow it works, I got from here: http://chemed.chem.purdue.edu/genchem/topicreview/bp/1organic/coal.htmlThe first step toward making liquid fuels from coal involves the manufacture of synthesis gas (CO and H2) from coal. In 1925, Franz Fischer and Hans Tropsch developed a catalyst that converted CO and H2 at 1 atm and 250 to 300C into liquid hydrocarbons. By 1941, Fischer-Tropsch plants produced 740,000 tons of petroleum products per year in Germany.Fischer-Tropsch technology is based on a complex series of reactions that use H2 to reduce CO to CH2 groups linked to form long-chain hydrocarbons.CO(g) + 2 H2(g) ----->(CH2)n(l) + H2O(g)(Ho = -165 kJ/molrxn)The water produced in this reaction combines with CO in the water-gas shift reaction to form H2 and CO2.CO(g) + H2O(g) ----->CO2(g) + H2(g)(Ho = -41.2 kJ/molrxn)The overall Fischer-Tropsch reaction is therefore described by the following equation.2 CO(g) + H2(g) ----->(-CH2-)n(l) + CO2(g)  (Ho = -206 kJ/molrxn)At the end of World War II, Fischer-Tropsch technology was under study in most industrial nations. The low cost and high availability of crude oil, however, led to a decline in interest in liquid fuels made from coal. The only commercial plants using this technology today are in the Sasol complex in South Africa, which uses 30.3 million tons of coal per year.Another approach to liquid fuels is based on the reaction between CO and H2 to form methanol, CH3OH.CO(g) + 2 H2(g) ----->CH3OH(l)Methanol can be used directly as a fuel, or it can be converted into gasoline with catalysts such as the ZSM-5 zeolite catalyst developed by Mobil Oil Company.As the supply of petroleum becomes smaller and its cost continues to rise, a gradual shift may be observed toward liquid fuels made from coal. Whether this takes the form of a return to a modified Fischer-Tropsch technology, the conversion of methanol to gasoline, or other alternatives, only time will tell.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10331
It is not. Oil is converted to gasoline.

QUESTION ID: AVPJJJEPP7WVF0B
QUESTION SUBJECT: I have oily skin and everytime that I get a pimple, it leaves a dark spot. How can I removed them?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74474
I agree with the answers that say not to pop them.  Here is some food for thought.  The red spots are actually inflamation.  Anytime you have a red spot on your body from whatever cause....it s usually inflamation.  So a good way to combat this is to find ways to stop inflamation in your body.  Now, i had acne for years and people would tell me that the food I ate didn t matter.  However, I think that is BS.  One way to regulate inflamation is by trying to control your blood sugar, eating foods rich in Omega 3 fatty acids (good fat), and avoiding Omega 6 fatty acids (saturated fat).  1.  Always eat the meat or protien part of your meal first.  This will slow down digestion and help prevent a blood sugar spike. Also, look at the glycemic load of the carbs you are eating.  What I mean by this is look at how fast your body converts this to sugar.  There are many tables you can download on the net.  2.  Omega 3 fatty acids will give your skin the most radical change in looks in as short as three days.  They do all kinds of things to your body that I don t have time to go into.  Yes, this works even if you have oily skin.  Sources of Omega 3 s - Fish (Salmonis the best), Flaxseed, nuts, olive oil, avacado, etc.3.  Avoid Omega 6 fatty acids - you do need these but you want a decent ratio of Omega 6 to Omega 3s.  Unfortunately in our society of McDonalds and Pizza, people have the ration backwards and get too much Omega 6 s which causes stress on your body and then inflamation.  Not only will this strategy give you better looking skin but it will also lead to felling better and being healthy in general.  I recommend buying a coupld of books if this is a real problem for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23168
The dark spot is an area where blood vessels are dialated because new tissue is growing.  You need those spots so healthy skin will regrow.  There is no way to remove them; if you wait they will fade in a short time.  To minimize the size of the spot, don t squeeze pimples; wait for them to mature and pop on their own.  Squeezing a pimple damages the skin and often forces infected matter into the tissue.  Both of these things increase the likelihood of getting a scar and will increase the time it takes for the dark spot to go away.

QUESTION ID: AW1B2Q8V3YQRFDK
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can people become ambidextrous?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73126
Ambidexterity is the ability of being equally adept with each hand (or, to a limited degree, feet). The word ambidextrous is derived from the Latin roots ambi, meaning both, and dext, meaning right. Thus, ambidextrous is literally right on both sides .As an inborn trait ambidexterity is rare, though it can be learned. Most ambidextrous people still gravitate towards performing certain types of tasks with a specific hand. The degree of versatility with each hand is generally the qualitative factor in determining a person s ambidexterity. Each side of the brain controls the opposite side of our bodies. Some people have been known to hesitate upon the decision the brain makes while attempting to use either right or left side, most likely the motor controlled side that would benefit most.In modern times, it is more common to find people considered ambidextrous who were originally left handed, and learned to be ambidextrous either deliberately or during childhood in institutions such as schools where right-handed habits are often emphasized. Ambidexterity is often encouraged in activities requiring a great deal of skill in both hands, such as swimming and combat.Famous ambidextrous peopleRobert Baden-Powell James Garfield Shigeru Miyamoto Harry Truman Michael Angelo Batio Leonardo da Vinci James Woods Saurav Ganguly Ravi Shastri Benjamin Franklin Paul McCartney Bob Cousy John G. Roberts, Jr. Topher Grace Maria Sharapova
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8248
You can practice by consciously using the opposite hand and arm for everyday activities, such as pouring milk, stirring coffee, sweeping the floor, and (of course) writing.

QUESTION ID: AXW176G3EPHIXLP
QUESTION SUBJECT: 7 months pregnant just been diagnosed with leukaemia, how will this affect my unborn child?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am 30 weeks pregnant and have been diagnosised with AML lekaemia today. I dont want to start chemo frightened it will affect my unborn child. Lose my hair etc. These may seem like stupid questions but I am concerned Is it likely my baby will be born ill if I have leukemia?What happens If I get anameia will it affect my unborn child?Can someone please explain to me what it is that I can expect, and what the servival rate is.Scared I wont be here to see my child grow up and my child father is no longer in the picture.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 15930
You need to be talking with your oncologist and OBG as they will know how to best coordinate your care.  There is an online support group that can also be of assistance to you. They can match you with someone else who has been through this experience. Remain hopeful that you can be treated for the cancer and still deliver a healthy baby. Stay focused, do the research . . or someone else help you do the research to find the best possible treatment under these circumstances.Pregnant with Cancerhttp://www.pregnantwithcancer.org/ACS: Pregnant with cancerhttp://www.acscsn.org/Talk_Shows_and_Stories/Featured_Talk_Shows/show103.htmlYou are not alone.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51662
In AML, malignant transformation and uncontrolled proliferation of an abnormally differentiated, long-lived myeloid progenitor cell results in high circulating numbers of immature blood forms and replacement of normal marrow by malignant cells. Symptoms include fatigue, pallor, easy bruising and bleeding, fever, and infection; symptoms of leukemic infiltration are present in only about 5% of patients (often as skin manifestations). Examination of peripheral blood smear and bone marrow is diagnostic. Treatment includes induction chemotherapy to achieve remission and postremission chemotherapy (with or without stem cell transplantation) to avoid relapse. Consult your doctor regarding further course of treatment.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51663
Well, aml is treatable, and possibly curable.  Hold on to that baby s cord blood and placenta.  IT may by your life line.  I was told to avoid preg at all cost bc an unborn baby would not be able to tolerate the treatment and my body would not be able to handle a pregnancy.  Your ob and oncologist will know more abou your specific situation.  There may be a less harmful treatment you can undergo while still preg, or you may be able to deliver early.  You will loose your hair, and probably will not be able to spend a lot of time with your newborn.  You will feel like crap.  I was orginally treated with araC/cytrabine, vp16, and a third chemo, but dont remember what it was.  THen treated with high dose araC/cytrabine.  Be wary of a new chemo called chloro...  something.  I was just treated with it in Feb and March, had a lot of problems with it.  Then for my transplant I was treated with fludarabin and TBI - total body irradiation.  Google those drugs as well as look up www.marrow.org and www.leukemia-lymphoma.org .  Then talk to your docs.  Only your docs know your specific case.

QUESTION ID: AZOCA61YLEMQ3JO
QUESTION SUBJECT: what is kemo theraphy (forgive me about the spelling)... how much does it cost?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86905
The word literally means chemical therapy and was shortened to chemotherapy . The chemicals were developed to treat diseases like cancer. Since cancer was identified as cells that grow uncontrollably and the majority of normal cells do not grow (but have switched themselves off once a lung is a lung, or kidney is a kidney). Cancer cells for whatever reason have switched back on to start growing. The tumors are actually the cells of the organ or tissue or body part so they become quite grotesque looking (they can even take on their own blood supply). A lung cancer tumor is made up of malignant lung cells. A breast cancer tumor is made up of malignant breast cells. A colon cancer tumor is made up of malignant colon cells. Not all chemicals will work for each of these types of cancer cells . . so more and more chemicals were developed to target each type of malignant cancer cell. Thus, there are chemicals to kill malignant lung cells, chemicals to kill malignant breast cells, and chemicals developed to kill malignant colon cancer cells.  Since there are over 200 types of cancer and as many subsets within all those types of cancer , not to mention rare cancers . . there came a need to find safe, effective chemicals to kill, delay, modify, or just slow down the progression of this deadly disease. Researchers are still looking for answers for many types of rare or unresponsive tumors. Safety of these highly toxic substances means they are tested and retested before ever being given to human beings. Chemotherapy can work based on the idea that it targets only fast growing cells within the body. Scientific documented evidence backs up the safety and effectiveness of using chemotherapy on many different types of cancer cells. Chemotherapy is administered under strict criteria and protocol for each disease. the National Comprehensive Cancer Network provides the clinical guidelines for the treatment of each cancer type:NCCN: Professsional Clinical Guidelines for Cancerhttp://www.nccn.org/Due to the serious nature of chemotherapy, the length of time for development for each specific cancer type, testing for safety . . many kinds of chemo, especially the new ones being developed . . can be expensive.  But patients in the US in general are covered under private, stage, or federal insurance. Those who need the drug can generally find the means to get it (through clinic, doctor, or hospital social worker).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11905
The cost depends on the type, the amount and for how long.About ChemotherapyChemotherapy (often just called chemo ) refers to medications that kill actively dividing cells. Unlike healthy cells, cancer cells reproduce continuously because they don t respond to the normal signals that control cell growth. Chemotherapy works by disrupting cell division and killing these actively dividing cancer cells. In contrast to radiation therapy, which destroys the cancerous cells of a tumor in a specific area of the body, chemotherapy works to treat cancer throughout the body.Chemo is not just used for cancer. It is used for Lupus patients, patients with certain blood disorders such as ITP, Rheumatoid arthritis and other conditions.

QUESTION ID: B0NWJXCM5G0FXD6
QUESTION SUBJECT: why does only February have 28 or 29 days? why not the others?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 64002
 A year in the Gregorian calendar having 366 days, with the extra day, February 29, intercalated to compensate for the quarter-day difference between an ordinary year and the astronomical year. Basically some guy a long time ago said that every four years we had to have another day to make his calandar work out, so every four years we are graced with another day on the calander to fit in with the astronomical events occuring.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20985
Technically, every month has 28 or 29 days, because they all have at least that many.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25113
ask your mom
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64003
It s the Romans fault. Our modern calendar is loosely based on their old, confusing one. Though records on the Roman calendar are sparse and sketchy, legend has it that Romulus, the first king of Rome, devised a 10-month lunar calendar that began at the spring equinox in March and ended with December. It is unclear whether there were any official months between December and March, but it s likely they were left off because the wintertime wasn t important for the harvest.The second king of Rome, Numa Pompilius, decided to make the calendar more accurate by syncing it up withthe actual lunar year???which is about 354 days long. Numa tacked on two months???January and February???after December to account for the new days. The new months each had 28 days. But that didn t sit well with Numa because even numbers were considered bad luck at the time. So, he added a day on to January, giving the year an odd-numbered 355 days. No one knows why February was left with 28 and remained an unlucky month. It may be related to the fact that Romans honored the dead and performed rites of purification in February. (The word februare means to purify in the dialect of the ancient Sabine tribe.)The 355-day calendar couldn t stay in sync with the seasons because it didn t account for the amount of time it took for the Earth to orbit the sun. So, an extra intercalary month of 27 days was inserted after February 23 every couple of years or so to even things out. The pontiffs who were in charge of calendar upkeep didn t always add the extra month on schedule. (Some officials took advantage of the system to extend their time in office, for example.)In around 45 B.C., Julius Caesar commissioned an expert to put aside the lunar origins of the Roman calendar and make it sun-based, like the Egyptian one. Caesar added 10 days to the calendar year and an extra day in February every four years. (The leap-year day was inserted after the 23rd, the same time as the old intercalary month.) Now, the year averaged out to 365.25 days, very close to the actual average length of a year: 365.2425 days (and even that varies).Some have speculated that Caesar added a day to February when he reformed the calendar???making it 29 days long. The story goes that when the Senate renamed the month of Sextilis to honor the emperor Augustus, that day was subtracted from February and added to August in order to make it equal in number to July???the month named for Caesar. But this theory is now believed to be bunk; it s likely that Julius never even added a day to February.

QUESTION ID: B1HR08KJEVNEPN8
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why aren t supplemental vitamins effective?
QUESTION CONTENT: I heard somewhere that it turns out multivitamins aren t as effective as the vitamins that are obtained from one s diet. Biochemically, why is this so?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3854
Many multivitamin supplements aren t natural. They are manufactured synthetic vitamins made to mimic real vitamins found in foods. Although they are chemically similar, they aren t as effective mostly because they have a shelf-life, and easily loses its potency in things such as heat and sunlight. Even the naturally made vitamins have a shelf-life.Not only that, consumption of fresh, healthful fruits and vegetables offers other important organic chemical compounds that multivitamins lack, such as bioflavonoids, antioxidants, and minerals.Nonetheless, supplemental vitamins are useful in treating individuals with certain nutritional deficiencies or for those who are too busy to eat healthy but are trying to maintain their health by taking supplements.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3855
Depends on the formulation of the vitamins.  Many of them are presented as salts of the actual vitamin compound, which would be absorbed at a different rate than the natural variety.Many vitamins are stabilized so they don t interact with each other - like some antioxidants react badly with oxidants - and vitamins have both.  That stabilization means they are slower to react.Some vitamins are dehydrated when in fact it is the hydrated form that is active.  If the dehydration isn t properly overcome then the vitamin isn t active until you poop out the remnants.Then, some of the vitamins aren t pure.  If any of the vitamins have chirality and the commercial multivitamins have the WRONG chirality because of the way they were synthesized, your body won t touch them.  (This is the same reason that Splenda sugar substitute works as it does.)

QUESTION ID: B2204TSRIQXG1VT
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does cancer spread?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40500
As Cancer grows, it invades the surrounding structures and causes damage.  It spreads to the draining lymph nodes. Through the blood stream it spreads to the others parts of the body like lung, liver, bones, brain etc.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40501
cell to cell and cell to blood and to cell
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40502
blood
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85930
Cancer tumors are called malignant because they have the ability to invade normal tissues (replacing healthy cells with cancer cells) and to metastasize or spread to other parts of the body. Death from cancer often comes not from the primary site (where the cancer first began) but from the metastases or the spread site. For example, a patient with stomach cancer may actually die from liver failure after the cancer has spread to that organ.When a certain type of cancer spreads to another part of the body, it does not change its type. For example, if a person with a lymphoma develops a tumor in the lung which is a metastasis (a spread site) from this lymphoma, the tumor growing in the lung has the same characteristics as the lymphoma. It does not represent a new lung cancer of the type which would develop if the cancer was to start in, or to be primary in the lung. It is important to understand this as the treatment that will be effective against the metastasis will be the same treatment that will be used for the primary lymphoma. This is why it is most important for the doctors treating a patient to be able to establish the primary site at which any cancer orginated.Cancer Spreading, or Metastases takes place in many ways: through the lymphatic system, through the bloodstream, by spreading through body spaces such as the bronchi or abdominal cavity, or through implantation.The most common way for cancer to spread is through the lymphatic system. This process is called embolization . The lymph system has its own channels that circulate throughout the body, similar to the veins and arteries of the bloodstream. These channel are very small and carry a tissue fluid called lymph throughout the body.Often when a solid tumor is removed by surgery, the surgeon will remove not only the tumor but the neighboring lymph glands, even though there is no visible sign of cancer in those glands. This is done as a precautionary measure, because if even one cell has broken away from the tumor and lodged in the lymphatic system, the cancer could continue growing and spreading.Cancer can also spread through the bloodstream. Cancer cells, like healthy cells, must have a blood supply in order to live, so all cancer cells have access to the bloodstream. Malignant cells can break off from the tumor and travel through the bloodstream until they find a suitable place to start forming a new tumor. (Tumors almost always spread through the veins rather than through the arteries.) Sarcomas spread through the bloodstream, as do certain types of carcinomas, like carcinoma of the kidneys, testicular carcinoma, and Wilms tumor, a type of kidney cancer seen in young children. Cancers may spread by more than one route.Cancers can also spread by local invasion -- that is, by intruding on the healthy tissue that surrounds the tumor. Some cancers that spread this way do not venture very far from the original site. An example of this kind of cancer is basal cell carcinoma of the skin. When this kind of cancer is removed by surgeon, a wide area of healthy tissue surrounding it is also removed and it is usually cured immediately. Unless some cells have been left behind, it is very unlikely that it will recur. (However, it is possible that a second cancer of the same kind may start to grow at a later time at a completely different site -- the new growth having nothing to do with the first.)A very rare type of metastasis is caused by implantation or inoculation. This can happen accidentally when a biopsy is done or when cancer surgery is performed. In this case malignant cells may actually drip from a needle or an instrument (this is also called a spill ). It is desirable, therefore, if possible and if the cancer is small to remove it completely at the initial surgery -- that is at the time of the biopsy.Cancers do not spread in a completely random fashion. Some parts of the body are more vulnerable to becoming metastatic sites than others. For example cancers rarely metastasize to the skin, but they often metastasize to the liver and lungs. Each type of cancer has its own pattern for metastases.

QUESTION ID: B226NQMZQZF1CG5
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do we yawn?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78030
Causes of yawningA long-standing hypothesis is that yawning is caused by an excess of carbon dioxide and lack of oxygen in the blood. The brain stem detects this and triggers the yawn reflex. The mouth stretches wide and the lungs inhale deeply, bringing oxygen into the lungs and hence to the bloodstream. It is almost certain however, that this hypothesis is not correct; a more recent hypothesis is that yawning is used for regulation of body temperature. Another hypothesis is that yawns are caused by the same chemicals (neurotransmitters) in the brain that affect emotions, mood, appetite and other phenomena. These chemicals include serotonin, dopamine, glutamic acid and nitric oxide. As more of these compounds are activated in the brain, the frequency of yawning increases. Conversely, a greater presence in the brain of opiate neurotransmitters such as endorphins, reduces the frequency of yawning. Patients taking the serotonin reuptake inhibitor Paxil (Paroxetine HCl) have been observed yawning abnormally often.Another theory is that yawning is similar to stretching. Yawning, like stretching, increases blood pressure and heart rate and also flexes many muscles and joints. Some have observed that if you try to stifle or prevent a yawn by clenching your jaws shut, the yawn is unsatisfying. As such, the stretching of jaw and face muscles seems to be necessary for a good yawn.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8210
lack of oxygen
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26445
Everyone yawns - babies, kids, teenagers, adults. Some birds, reptiles and most mammals also yawn. However, the reason why we yawn is a bit of a mystery. There is also very little research about yawning because for most people yawning is not a problem. Here are a few things that are known about yawns:-The average duration of a yawn is about 6 seconds. -In humans, the earliest occurrence of a yawn happens at about 11 weeks after conception - that s BEFORE the baby is born! -Yawns become contagious to people between the first and second years of life. -A part of the brain that plays an important role in yawning is the hypothalamus. Research has shown that some neurotransmitters (for example, dopamine, excitatory amino acids, nitric oxide) and neuropeptides increase yawning if injected into the hypothalamus of animals.Many people assume that we yawn because our bodies are trying to get rid of extra carbon dioxide (CO2) and to take in more oxygen (O2).The only problem with the excess CO2 theory is that research shows that it may not be true.Therefore, it appears that yawning is not due to CO2/O2 levels in the blood and that yawning and breathing are controlled by different mechanisms.So, the question remains - why do we yawn? Dr. Provine suggests that perhaps yawning is like stretching. Yawning and stretching increase blood pressure and heart rate and also flex muscles and joints. Evidence that yawning and stretching may be related comes from the observation that if you try to stifle or prevent a yawn by clenching your jaws shut, the yawn is somewhat unsatisfying. For some reason, the stretching of jaw and face muscles is necessary for a good yawn.It is possible that yawns are contagious because at one time in evolutionary history, the yawn served to coordinate the social behavior of a group of animals. When one member of the group yawned to signal an event, all the other members of the group also yawned. Yawns may still be contagious these days because of a leftover response (a vestigial response) that is not used anymore. None of this has been proven true and yawns are still one of the mysteries of the mind.

QUESTION ID: B468IIVWPUDYBKX
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you feel about home schooling?
QUESTION CONTENT: My son is 3 years old.  He hasn t been in daycare, or pre school yet, but he already knows how to write and type his own name, count to 20, say his ABC s, and he has a great vocabulary.  I m keeping my options open to both home schooling, and public school. I would like to hear any comments about both.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10928
you are getting a lot of good advice here - both pros and some cons to consider.  I think the bottom line is to  decide what level of commitment you are willing to devote to it, and to see that your child does get good socialization.   There are families that suck at homeschooling and social skills, and there are families  that are great at both... and ones at all levels in between.   I love homeschooling most days!  I had to be able to see my weaknesses as a teacher and be able to get help for my kids in areas that I couldn t help them in.   I also have to learn to be confident in what I am good at.  I love them like no other teacher can,  so that gives me a good leg up right there.    good luck on making your decision!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15134
Homeschooling is great for me. My grades have improved a lot. I am homeschooling with the Ohio Virtual Academy and it s pretty easy. I work at my own pace, and do as many lessons I want. I work on my daily plans (only on weekdays of course.) and when I want to do more work just to get it over with, I do. It s exciting. Socialising is not a big deal.I m glad to hear about your son! It took me a while to learn my Abc s. I actually remember me in New Orleans with a big chalkboard in my living room trying to learn. And typing.. that s just amazing. I started typing 60wpm when I was around 8 years old.. Now I type around 120wpm. I ve been around computers quite alot. I ve used a Windows 3.1 when Windows 98 was around. Heh.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24608
i myself went to public school,i would be inclined to think that a home schooled child doesnt pick up and nasty language or crazy habits .they would probably learn a lot more because they have a one on one teacher.yes i do like the idea of home schooling.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59571
How about I share most of an answer I typed up just yesterday on the advantages I feel our family has in homeschooling?---I  find some of the advantages for our family are as follows (keep in mind that what is an advantage to us is how our family is and how we go about homeschooling):ACADEMICMy kids get to work at their own pace in every subject, can follow their interests, can do things in the way they learn best. This means that my son (7), who s taking a bit longer to warm up to reading and really get it, can keep going his pace and I know it ll click completely when he s really ready. He won t have to be put in the reading group for the less able readers, he won t feel stupid seeing other kids around him who are reading better, etc. At the same time, it means that he can keep moving ahead with math, something he enjoys--but often prefers doing it orally, which works just fine for me--and spend lots of time looking through science books or having me read them to him, etc. For my dd (10), it means that she can spend hours reading or writing stories, she can do math things that she enjoys, like integers and square roots, and still take some working on things she finds frustrating, like long multiplication and division (yeah, go figure! I take back ever saying that math is sequential), she can work on projects she is interested in--so much more learning going on that way than doing a project simply because a teacher has required it. It means also that she has stayed interested in learning--she started reading and doing math at age 3 and I m sure would have found K/1 boring and would not have been able to love learning since there would have been nothing to learn!Also, they get help when they need it and it doesn t take nearly as long as in school to accomplish the same amount of work/learning.SOCIALLYMy kids have the advantage of meeting a variety of people of different ages. While my son can still be rather shy (but that s him--he started stranger anxiety at 6 months and by 1 year, was screaming then turning his head away from strangers!), they are both usually fairly comfortable at meeting new kids, being in new places. It s not like that at school, where you have the same kids and adults day after day. Each time we re at a homeschooling activity, there are different people, different ages. It s totally normal to them. They don t care how old someone is and will play with anybody they connect with--even if the person is 5 years older! :)Socially, it also means that I can see what s going on and guide them appropriately. I might observe something and say later on, Youknow, I noticed such-and-such. What did you think about that? What other things could ve been done? It also means that I can prepare my kids to behave in a certain way based on something from a previous experience. So, how do we talk here? What do we do when...? I feel it s so much better than simply expecting a bunch of kids to figure it all out on their own. And face it, in a school, the primary social models kids have are each other--not exactly mature behaviour for them to learn to emulate.FAMILYMy kids are very close. I can t think of any families I grew up with where siblings, 3 years apart, and certainly not different genders, were actually friends during their elementary years. My kids are great friends. Sure, they get the whole sibling thing going at times, but that s life and familiy. They get lots of practice in problem solving. :) And learn patience and acceptance. I also get to raise my kids. I didn t have kids so that I would send them off to someone else to raise part-time for 13 years. They also see family as important, more important than friends. I think that s how it should be. Friends have their place, but friends opinion and their importance should not outweigh the family s.OTHERI think we have a far less stressful lifestyle than if they had to go to school each day, spend the day there, come home with homework, get their homework done, fit in any activities they may be enrolled in and in bed ready for the next day. With homeschooling, my kids don t need to spend 7 hours doing work and add on homework and activities. Our mornings are our focused school time and afternoons are open for free exploration, play, field trips, lessons, homeschool activities, etc. They still have weekend swimming lessons--community-based, not homeschooling, before anybody decides to say my kids only come in contact with other homeschoolers--but they have no homework, no projects, no book reports or any of that they have to fit in.They also aren tgrowing up in an environment where all kinds of questionable things are present: attitudes, bullying, severe competitiveness, lock-downs, at times teachers who shouldn t be teaching or kids who should have been suspended but the school won t because each child means $$ from the government (yes, it happens--I m a former teacher and my dh still teaches) and more. Like jr. high boys spraying Axe deodorant on their arms and lighting it on fire. Or kids in gr. 5 bragging about how they made-out with so-and-so. And so on.I could probably say a lot more!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63569
I think home schooling is a great option, especially if he already so advanced.  You can call the school district in your area to find out what you need to do.  Just make sure that he s involved some kind of activities with other children so he can develop the social skills he needs.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63570
Home education rox!I m 15 and, along with my siblings, have been home educated all my life. I would not swap it for school for anything and will be home educating my own children when I have them.EDIT: You may want to bear in mind the following when considering the opinions of posters who are anti-homeschooling...Quote: | During the course of my research, the 100-plus (home educated) children I have talked with so far certainly appear to be independent, socially skilled and mature. |(Dr Alan Thomas, Visiting Fellow at the University of London Institute of Education and formerly at the Northern Territory University, Darwin, Australia)Quote: |27 per cent (of homeschooling parents) actually had no post school education at all and yet their children were attaining higher levels than their school counterparts who were taught by trained teachers| Source: http://www.dur.ac.uk/p.j.rothermel/Research/ESRC/ClassifyMotives.htmIt s a very interesting [and impartial]article about home schooling from the University of Durham in England - you might want to have a read of it. It also points out, as is so often demonstrably obvious around this board that: Home-educators are often stereotyped by concerned professionals and others who make statements based upon their beliefs rather than research .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63571
Around age 2, it was evident that my son was going to need alternative schooling.  It was first mentioned by his public school district Parents as Teachers instructor, who said public school was *not* going to work for him.  She was right, and when he enrolled in the district s 4 y.o. preschool program, all of his teachers there said the exact same thing.  I d never thought about HS ing until then and boy was it a wake up call to know that HS ing was pretty much the only option.  We started HS ing while he was still in the preschool (totally bored) right after he turned five.  We haven t looked back since and he s almost 10.  :-)I had the school district test him (IQ&Acheivement) at age 7 (at the end of what would have been the end of his PS 1st grade yr) and the tests showed he was profoundly gifted.  At this point the district *still* agreed with our decision and said they could do nothing for him, short of putting him in middle school (don t think so - at 7????).It sounds like you ve been HS ing your son since birth anyway :-).  I d continue what you re doing and I think you ll find he ll be too smart for Kdg.  :-)  Start researching methods and curricula now...which is what you re doing asking this.  Yay, you!Don t listen to all the naysayers on this board (or anywhere else for that matter!).  Questions like this always bring out the anti-homeschooling trolls.  You won t find HS ers going on the public school boards bashing them, or anyone s choice of education.  My son is incredible with people of *all* ages b/c he s out in the community most days - interacting with people.  Hecannot stand to be around most of his PS friends.  Naysayers think we lock our kids up all day with textbooks and never let them see the light of day.  That s ludacris!!!I would seriously look into your school district s gifted education program - it may be nill.  If so, then you ll want to consider HS ing.  Also, only commit to HS ing for one year at first and know you can always change your mind.  The public school door will always be open (or the reverse - you can always pull him out if you try it).Kudos to you for thinking about this *now*.  I made the mistake of thinking oh, the other kids will catch up and I didn t start looking into options until I had little time to do it (I m a datahead - six months was not long enough - ha!)PS - search the Q&A s here by me and other active posters and you ll get all sorts of info :-)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63572
I vote for homeschooling, and I would suggest you homeschool your son for preschool as well. Here is a comparison of homeschooling and public school.http://www.successful-homeschooling.com/homeschooling-vs-public-schooling.htmlYour son will be able to learn at his own pace, he will be free from negative behaviors of other students, and he will have more time to pursue his interests.  Statistics show that homeschoolers out perform public schooled students academically, regardless of how much money they spend on curriculum, or whether or not the teaching parent has even graduated from high school.  That s just how great homeschooling is!http://www.hslda.org/docs/study/comp2001/default.aspThere are more facts&info about homeschooling below.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63573
I think that is wonderful.  I can remember my first daughter at 23mo.  She knew her ABC s, shapes, colors and count to at least 10.  My children will never go into daycare if I can help it.   I love being at home and teaching them new things everyday.It sounds like your son maybe gifted! Have you given that a thought?  He may get board in public school.  I just started homeschooling this week!  OH! it s great.  We had fun and I m looking forward to next week!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63574
I have home schooled all my life! I love it, my whole family loves it. I have six siblings we have all been home schooled all are lives, except now my oldest brother is in collage.   We have 1. been closer as a family 2. have  been able to have so many advantages in schooling. For example I can do extra learning on stuff I enjoy, you can have your son go slower or faster on schoolwork depending on if he really has the stuff down or needs extra work on something. And he can study quietly  with out a bunch of kids next to you ( something which will really be a help when he gets older and does harder stuff).  3.  You can give him the love, attention, and care that the teacher cannot4. You can use library books and interesting games to teach him instead of just using boring textbooks. Why you can get off boring text books completly if you want too. And that really makes learning more fun.  I love homeschooling, and I still have lots of friends! We are in a homeschool chess club at our library right now, there are homeschool classes and groups you and your son can participate in. So don t think if your son is home schooled he will be socially out But some good things about public schooling are1. He can see his friends every single day2. You can work or be more relaxed during the day while he is at school. 3.  And you usually don t have to cook lunch for to many people.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63575
If your child is already excited about learning, then start teaching him! My parents started teaching my little brother how to read at age 3. I have been homeschooled all my life. Homeschoolers have 1)flexibility, 2)more learning options, 3)a protection from being around a chaos of kids. If you homeschool your child, he will be able to explore what he is interested in, and learn things that are his level. Of course, depending on what he likes, you will want to put him in a sport, debate club, etc. when he is older. If you are wondering what your going to teach him with, how you are going to teach him, etc. there are tons of books and catalogues out there to help you with just that!

QUESTION ID: B61X8JT7OBOUNLD
QUESTION SUBJECT: I understand that prostate cancer is slow-growing.  How long would it take to show as a 7 on a PSA reading?
QUESTION CONTENT: A PSA count of 3 is cause for concern as I understand it.  Wondering, bottom line, how long the prostate cancer went undetected.  Thank you.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87959
Good question. I will try my best to shed some light on this topic for you, but I do not have all of the facts or data which would be a bit more helpful, such as age, previous PSA scores, medication, and family history.That being said, I will assume you never had a PSA done prior to this initial exam. If that is the case, it could have been several years for your PSA to climb to this high of a number. Also, if you happened to have sex prior to having your PSA drawn, or on some medications, there is a potential that your PSA is abnormally high due to those reasons as well.If you did have a prior PSA, and it jumped from a 3 to say a 7 in less then one year, then you may be looking at a more aggressive prostate cancer. If you haven t has a prior PSA, and none of the first paragraph applies, then I would say you need to see a Urologist for a Digital Rectal Exam and a biopsy. If your biopsy comes back positive for prostate cancer, then you need to seek a consultation from both a Urologist and a Radiation Oncologist.Some Urologists will just go aheadand take you to surgery without having you get all the information for treatment options. This is why it is VERY important to also seek the advice of a Radiation Oncologist. Both can treat the disease, but both have very different potential side effects. Surgery is higher for impotence, Rad Onc can be higher for Rectal Bleeding or irritation upon urination.If you would like to read or learn more, please look at the following site: http://cancergeek.wordpress.comThis entire site is dedicating all of September to Prostate Cancer and Education to everything and anything relating to prostate cancer. It is maintained by a specialist in Oncology.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10724
Not all prostate cancer is slow growing. My PSA went from 1.2 to 8 in less than 2 years. I don t think 3 is terribly alarming if it is stable, but if it moves up then it is cause for alarm. Please, for your own good, consult a good urologist and be under his guidance.

QUESTION ID: B6J3XVGKXP6I1KX
QUESTION SUBJECT: what are some diffrences between a Tsunami and Hurricanes? and how are they alike?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88505
By definition, a hurricane is fierce rotating storm with an intense centre of low pressure that only happens in the tropics. In south-east Asia they re known as typhoons and in the Indian Ocean, cyclones.They cause high winds, huge waves, and heavy flooding. One of the most powerful of all weather systems, hurricanes are powered by the heat energy released by the condensation of water vapour. However, the conditions have to be exact for a hurricane to form, with the sea s surface temperature being above 26.5??C.Storm surgeThis is caused by the intense low pressure at the eye of a hurricane, combining with the effect of strong winds. The sea rises 1cm for every millibar of pressure - if the pressure is 930 millibar, the sea surge will be about 80 cm. Hurricanes can raise the seas surface by as much as 4m.The hurricane winds push the surge along in front of its path. When this surge hits low-lying coasts, the effects can be devastating. In addition to the sea surge, flooding can also result from torrential rain falling from the storm clouds.TsunamisA tsunami (pronounced tsoo-nah-mee) is a chain of fast moving waves caused by sudden trauma in the ocean. They can be generated by earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, or even the impact of meteorites. Tsunami are also incorrectly known as tidal waves, but unlike tidal waves they are not caused by changes in the tides.They are most common around the edge of the Pacific, where more than half of the world s volcanoes are found. These seismic surges can assault coastlines, often with little or no warning. Rocks weighing as much as 20 metric tonnes have been plucked from sea walls and carried 180m inland. Wave powerTsunamis aren t like wind-generated waves that rhythmically roll onto a beach. A tsunami can have a wavelength (ie distance between wave crests) in excess of 100km (60 miles) and there may be an hour between them. They travel at great speeds across an ocean with hardly any energy losses and are barely noticeable out at sea.Over the deep Pacific Ocean, a tsunami travels at about 800kph (500mph). If an earthquake happened in Los Angeles, a tsunami could hit Tokyo quicker than you could fly between the cities by jet. The tsunami caused by the earthquake off the coast of Indonesia in late 2004 travelled 4,500km (2,800 miles) to Somalia in East Africa in just seven hours.As a tsunami leaves the deep water of the open ocean and travels into the shallower water near the coast, it behaves like a normal wave - only with more muscle.Shallow water slows the tsunami and its height grows. Tsunamis batter the coast with tremendous amounts of energy. They can strip sand from beaches, tearing up trees, and even obliterating whole towns. Some have been known to reach as much as 30m above sea level. The only way they may be alike is that because of a Hurricane, you might have huge waves, but still, waves generated by Tsunami would be larger.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48602
A hurricane is a storm. A tsunami is a giant wave of water, often caused by a hurricane. They re not really alike, one is often caused by the other, and they re both devastating, but they re different things.

QUESTION ID: B73YX82GZK0FGQU
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is ligthening consistently strike ligthening rods?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76202
The actual reason is because the lightning rod will build up a charge.  If you have a negative charge in the air, the charge will repel electrons.  Since lightning rods are conductors, and because they are grounded, they can use the earth as a place to send unwanted electrons.  As the electrons leave the rod and take their negative charge with them, the rod becomes positively charged.  Since opposite will attract, when the lightning strikes, it will preferentially strike the object that has the most polar difference in chage.  The ability to conduct is what makes the rod always be the preferred place for the lightning to strike.The height does play a role, but it is not solely due to height.  Primarily it is the conductive properties of the rod which so easily facilitate the discharge of static electricity in the clouds that make the rod the target.  It becomes the path of least resistance for the discharging energy.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24926
Lightning is electricity. It wants to get to earth as quickly as it can. It will strike the highest point. That s why it is dangerous to fly in a storm. Lightning rods are grounded by a wire. They are also made of metal so they atract the lightning. The lightning hits the highest conductive point (the lightning rod)and flows harmlesly through the wire and into the ground. The safest place to be in a storm, is in a car. It is small, grounded, and the rubber in the tires will ground the lightning. Even if your in an open area, and lightning strikes, you are completely safe.

QUESTION ID: B8TDR3RVEPHV5UE
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does cancer affect peoples lifestyle?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28971
it affects your life style if you let it i try not to let it get me down but trying to go somewhere with no hair sucks and sometimes i get really depressed.now im losing all kinds weight so my cloths dont fit right ,, and you get tired from all the treatments ,,and you dont have time to do much bc you have so many doctors appointments and tests...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28972
Fear, anger, rage, depression, frustration, helplessness, and in some cases hopelessness. Not just for the paitent but for their family and friends as well. The better question would be how dosen t cancer affect peoples lifestyle?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49028
My life is better today, with the cancer, than it had been in the previous 20 years of marriage. My husband dumped me Nov 04, I was diagnosed with stage 4 colrectal cancer Sept 04, was a surprise to me as I thought i had a bad gall bladder! Husband decided he wanted a gf, so we split and my life hit rock bottom. no home , no clothes that fit as i had gone from 150 to 98 and what i did have that fit, people had given me, the gf of my husbands stole. I was about as low as a human could get.Then I had a little talk with myself. Could lay there and feel sorry for myself and just give up or fight the cancer and live as best as I could for whatever time I had left! They had given me up to ten months to live and I decided to be happy for the first time in many many years. I have not looked back.  I finally found an oncologist who got me on the right chemo for me, and am now not as sick as I used to get, altho I still get a bit ill after chemo, but no longer do i feel sorry for myself! None of us are guarenteed a rose garden in life, and all people are terminal , its just that some of us have a bit of a shorter life string than others. Since I had this talk with myself and put myself in Gods hands, my life has been wonderful. My family who was never close , is now close, my children have gotten closer to me and my friends also. The days I let depression slip in, I look around my room, and see all the items that my friends and family have given me  and realize I am loved by them and not alone in the world. I eat what I like now, and altho am limited in my walking ability, have a electric medical type scooter that i use to run to the store and to just get outside on nice days, and that gave me a new lease on life, as I can not drive a vehicle due to the pain meds I am on.If you sit back and let it, cancer will make you depressed and want to give up.I had spells of that and still do have those spells, but I try to always thank God each morning for seeing the sun come up on another day,  to thank Him for my family and friends who have been there for me each step of the way. There are days I am so sick i dont get out of bed and cant eat much, but I am still grateful for life. I try to do as many things as I can that i had put off for years.... and will continue to do so, like having a birthday/divorce party in June, gonna go camping and fishing with some of my friends ....  due to my cancer I can not go out in the boonies as I have to stay pretty near hospitals, just in case, but we are working around that, gonna have the party in my daughters large back yard that borders a big river! There is always a way if one has the will!Friends and family are the most important things in my life now, with my animals also helping ... I have a mini horse that I plan on driving in at least one local show this year, if you have goals to work towards, it helps a lot also! Best thing is to do whatever you want to do, as long as your health will allow it! Live life the best you can. And NEVER Ever give up!

QUESTION ID: B8UKS8L541DYYSK
QUESTION SUBJECT: what are the main reasons why people have schizophrenia?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77404
Man, most of these people are severely misinformed about the causes of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorders.  Cats walking in your food?  Non-vegetarian diets?  Give me a freakin break...!Schizophrenia may affect the victim who has it in many different ways and on many different levels of severity.  One may be slightly schizophrenic, or schizphrenic to the point of loss of all social functioning and ability, i.e., it can be disabling.  It is characterized chiefly by paranoia, paranoid delusions, and/or hallucinations - either auditory or visual.  ANYTHING that can affect regions of the brain responsible for vision and hearing can then alter those perceptions and yield signs that would be diagnosed as schizoaffective, for example.Physical damage directly affecting the brain can lead to behaviors symptomatic of schizophrenia (you fall down in the park and a stick goes through the roof of your mouth into your brain and causes brain damage, or you use drugs so much that it causes chronic physical overuse of seratonin receptors which results in cellular and functional brain damage are 2 examples of things that could happen physically).There is believed (some evidence exits) to be a genetic component to being pre-disposed to havingschizophrenia, but keep in mind that most people are not born with overt schizophrenic symptoms.  This suggests that it is more of a socially generated disorder, and is caused by gross misintrepretation of one s local and global environmental states coupled with his or her lack of self-esteem and self-confidence.  Someone with a lot of self-confidence will not become paranoid that everyone is talking about them, and are less likely, therefore, to show signs of paranoia, develop delusional thoughts about conspiracy, etc...all symptoms of schizophrenia.  Someone with no self-esteem or self-confidence, on the other hand, will be more likely to think everyone is against them, that secret agencies like the CIA are pitting conspiracy against them, and that others are plotting to hurt them in some way - since these things are not really happening (that is to sayt they are delusions), this individual will be diagnosed as schizophrenic when he tells these things to his psychiatrist.  There is interestingly the commonality among schizophrenic patients that the people that are out to get them are either secret agencies or large, powerful institutions - the CIA, the FBI, the government, the IRS - this is thought to be based on the fact that the victim needs to fulfill his paranoiad delusions somehow, and these organizations are not well known so it would be difficult for someone else to refute the fact that they are or are not after him.  That is, it s hard to prove that the CIA doesn t have a file on you, because if they did they wouldn t tell you.  This is referred to as paranoid security , and is common among all schizoaffective patients.So there are a lot of reasons one gets schizophrenia - the only common factor is that the causes are related to changes in brain chemistry, as I mentioned this is either physical or chemical in nature, and can have a variety of root causes.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25953
I hear cats can cause it if they walk on the counters and tables and get in your food.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25954
the cruelty of other humans
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25955
The disease is most often caused by family genetics; however, many people that experience schizophrenia have no family history of the disorder.

QUESTION ID: BAR1FPTQSCY2A62
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can we protect not to get various cancers...Is it just bad luck which can fall to to anyone ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43371
I don t think it s all related to genes. Some cancers are related to stress, exposure to chemicals, to radiation, air polution, water contamination with chemical residues, pesticides residue on fruit&veggies..While we don t know how to avoid cancer, there are things you can do to  minimize your intake of harmful chemicals:1.Eat organic. There must be a Wholefoods store or other organic store in your area. Organic fruits&veggies are not treated with insecticides or pesticides.   Organic meats come from animals that were t injected with growth hormones.2. If you can t eat organic, at least WASH your fruit&veggies like crazy.Peel off the first layer..3. Eat LOTS of fruit&veggies....it s recommended you eat 5 per day. Mix them up in terms of COLORS (red -tomatoes, green-brocolli, yellow -peppers, orange -oranges, blue-blueberry).4. EXERCISE weekly, several times per week. Research showed that people that did this regulary and eat the 5-per-day fruit/veggies are at a lower risk for cancer.5. Put a water filter on your faucet!!!!  This is the simplest way to get rid of a lot of bad stuff you d otherwise drink or cook with (like hard metals or chemical waste from chemical plants etc).  You can buy the Pur or Brita filter at any Walmart, Mejer, K-Mart (GROCERY STORE). It s $9!!!!!  It is absolutely a must!6. Stay away from chemicals of all kinds. Do not work in an environment where you are exposed to radiation, insecticides, pesticides, chemicals, benzine, gas, asbestos etc..  Always wear a mask if you paint stuff and make sure you do it in a well VENTILATED space (to this day, we will believe that a relative of mine become sick with cancer after painting and spraying indoors, inhaling the toxic vapors from the pains and sprays. O the cans there was a warnic of cancer risk...)All the best!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54882
Eat apricot pits if you re worried. I ll warn ya though, they don t taste very good.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71152
I hate to describe it as bad luck but it sure sounds like it, in addition to genes inherited from family makes our bodies vulrnable to cancer. Food, and the chemicals it contains also can be a factor, the environment with all the polution can give it a kick, smoking !

QUESTION ID: BAU7XOCYG085BYG
QUESTION SUBJECT: If you were asked to write a monologue from a child in a sweat shop, how would it sound?
QUESTION CONTENT: Pretend you were a child working in a sweat shop, and write a short monologue.What do you think is going through these childrens heads.Put yourself in that position, just for a second.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 61093
I sleep in a room with 15 other children. There are only four bunk beds.  The blankets are worn and thin, but the beds are so crammed with bodies we still stay warm. The meals are the same every day, but we at least get two of them. My fingers hurt a lot, but I am getting better about moving them quicker so they don t get nicked by the needles in the machine.  We work long hours, and I don t get out much. There really isn t any time to play. The only thing I have learned is how to thread the machine. One of the other kids told me they would teach me how to read one day, but the owner took his magazines away for messing up one of the shirts. I m hoping he gets them back soon as a reward. He hasn t messed up on anything in weeks now.  The owner says if we get a thousand shirts done he will give us all a reward.  I m so tired. It s hot in here. Do you know what time it is?  My stomach hurts and is making funny noises.  I hope it is almost dinner time. Dinner time means we get to stop for the day and the other shift comes in to work while we sleep.  I like to sleep. I have a beautiful dream. I m with my family again and we are happy and playing in a huge field with a picnic. I have it a lot. Another kid told me the more often I have this dream that that means it will come true one day.  I can t wait until that one day.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3181
 My mommy and daddy told me I had to do this so it mustbe OK.  Maybe they will love me if I do this job even though it s hard.  I see other kids playing on the street.They must have to do this at night.

QUESTION ID: BAWUK2JR7OSM66F
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why there is redshift&violetshift if planets move close or away?If wavelength changes then why?
QUESTION CONTENT: I understand that the redshift and violetshift is due to change in wave-length. What is my doubt is that why there is change in wavelength. Is it like wave is compressed or stretched? Is is like that, that wave has to accomodate it self between earth and corresponding planet?I m still confused why wavelength changes evenif emitting source is emitting at same wavelenght and frequency.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79071
good question....its kind of complicated but basically, one type of Red Shift is similar to the doppler effect for sound. When an ambulance screams towards you the siren gets noticable higher pitched, then when it races away the pitch drops. This is because the sound waves are traveling at a fixed speed  toward your ears, but the fast movement of the ambulance is changing the frequency, or the rate at which those waves hit you. it is essentially smushing more of the sound waves together as it approaches you and stretching them out as it moves away. This same principle applies to light and all electromagnetic waves. The other type of red shift include cosmological redshit, and gravitational or (relativistic red shift). Cosmological red shift can occur as space it self expands, this expansion of space expands the actual photons and inturn drops the frequency of the light towards red. Gravitational Red Shift can occur when ever light passed through a gravitational field. Gravity imposses a time dilation effect on anyting in the field and so photons are also subject to this. The result is the drop in frequency towards red. (it is also important to note that the red shift also applies to all electro magnetic waves visible or not, and in cases where the light would be infra red or already at a lower frequency than red, a red shift would actually shift that wave further away from red.)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27246
what? Maybe if the grammar was better I might be able to help you more.

QUESTION ID: BB4KV2K6MTNIPKE
QUESTION SUBJECT: what is tsunami?and how is it caused?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74719
A tsunami (pronounced soo-nah-mee or tsoo-nah-mee [ IPA /su??n????mi/ or /tsu??n????mi/]) is a series of waves generated when water in a lake or the sea is rapidly displaced on a massive scale. Earthquakes, landslides, volcanic eruptions and large meteorite impacts all have the potential to generate a tsunami. The effects of a tsunami can range from unnoticeable to devastating.The term tsunami comes from the Japanese language meaning harbour ( tsu , ???) and wave ( nami , ??? or ???). Although in Japanese tsunami is used for both the singular and plural, in English tsunamis is well-established as the plural. The term was created by fishermen who returned to port to find the area surrounding the harbour devastated, although they had not been aware of any wave in the open water. A tsunami is not a sub-surface event in the deep ocean; it simply has a much smaller amplitude (wave heights) offshore, and a very long wavelength (often hundreds of kilometres long), which is why they generally pass unnoticed at sea, forming only a passing hump in the ocean.Tsunamis have been historically referred to as tidal waves because as they approach land they take on the characteristics of a violent onrushing tide rather than the sort of cresting waves that are formed by wind action upon the ocean (with which people are more familiar). However, since they are not actually related to tides the term is considered misleading and its usage is discouraged by oceanographers.For more information on a tsunami, visit:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tsunami
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23429
A tsunami is a series of waves generated when water in a lake or the sea is rapidly displaced on a massive scale. Earthquakes, landslides, volcanic eruptions and large meteorite impacts all have the potential to generate a tsunami. The effects of a tsunami can range from unnoticeable to devastating.A tsunami can be generated by any disturbance that rapidly displaces a large mass of water, such as an earthquake, volcanic eruption, landslide or meteorite impact. However, the most common cause is an undersea earthquake. An earthquake which is too small to create a tsunami by itself may trigger an undersea landslide quite capable of generating a tsunami.

QUESTION ID: BB5M46OF2VNLHUP
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is cancer so hard to find a cure for? And how close are they to finding one?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87593
It is not possible to find a cure for cancer because cancer is just a catch-all phrase for dangerous cellular mutations.  There are over 10000 know genes in the human genome, and any one of those can be mutated to cause cells to have explosive growth, resulting in cancer.  Each different mutation needs a different cure .  They are close to controlling specific cancers and for others there is no end in sight.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17418
Cancer is an ancient disease.  It has always been around and affects not only people, but plants and animals as well. It is not a new disease at all. The oldest written description of the disease is found in 1600 BC in Egypt . . The writing says about the disease, There is no treatment. The History of Cancerhttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/CRI/content/CRI_2_6x_the_history_of_cancer_72.aspThat being said, cancer is an umbrella term that describes over 200 or more types of disease that can affect newborn infants, toddlers, children, teens, young adults, middle aged, and older adults. It affects every country, race, both sexes, the healthy, the unhealthy, absolutely no one is immune and no one knows if or when or what type of cancer they will get.What you do not realize is that cancer is a progressive disease that is described by Stage. Early stage cancers no matter what they are . . are treatable and most often curable just from surgery to remove the disease. What is not curable is metastatic or late stage (advanced) cancer. There is not one magical treatment that will cure the disease at this stage, but there is a multi-modality approach that can lead to remission and eventual cure . . still all based on complete surgical removal as the best cure . What happens though is that in advanced disease the tumors wrap themselves around vital organs and blood vessels and become impossible to remove. Chemotherapy, radiation, and surgery used together can sometimes halt the progress of the disease and that can lead to remission for an undetermined time.However, in recent years, more and more survivors are living with their cancer . . using meds to control the cancer from growing and living with their cancer. The idea is to cut off the blood supply that the tumors use to thrive . . a tumor needs a blood supply to grow, so even though the cancer may still be present it cannot grow any new tumors without having that blood supply.  Apparently, also each type of tumor has a specific protein, some of them have been identified, some have not, some are misshapen, some are a mixture  . . . which means that just like a virus each specific cancer tumor can be different. But based on the idea that most types of cancer have a certain protein has led to new drugs to target that protein in hope of destroying the tumor.There are also many other new treatments and drugs but each approach a different cancer in different ways. What drugs work for breast cancer, often do not work for a bone cancer. So each disease needs separate research. Many of the more common cancers are very close to finding individualized treatments that lead to long term remissions. A type of tumor called Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor has almost a 90 percent response to a new drug called Imatinib Mesylate:Effects of Imatinib (Gleevec) on GIST Cellshttp://www.gistsupport.org/learning-center/ask-the-professional/effects-of-imatinib-gleevec-on-gist-cells.phpThere has been a breakthrough for GIST with this new drug and it has caused a stir within the oncological community. the last meeting of ASCO focused on new research and breakthroughs in the treatment of GIST and what it means for other types of cancer. http://www.asco.org/portal/site/ASCOCancer continues to be a difficult nut to totally crack. One of the reasons stems from the lack of volunteers available to test new cancer drugs. All the scientists in the world cannot make a cancer patient try a new unproven drug just to see if it works for their type of cancer or not. Lab mice and animals are not a substitute for a human being. And, unfortunately the only way to test new treatments is on very, very sick people and you have to have enough of them in order to determine if something is working or not. So, trial and error on real cancer patients is the only way to find new drugs to treat deadly cancers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46102
I m of the opinion that most cancers is related to diet. Here s a recent story: Berries May Help Prevent CancerCompound Found in Berries May Inhibit Gastrointestinal CancersBy Miranda HittiWebMD Medical NewsReviewed by Louise Chang, MDMarch 26, 2007 ?????? Eating berries may make gastrointestinal cancers less likely, two new studies show. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46103
I suppose at least one reason is there are many types of cancers so their causes are different. I new a man that had cancer through out his body and I think it started in his kidneys. He was told he would be dead in six months time. He started taking Aloe Vera in large amounts (16ozs.) or more daily and he was cancer free in 2 years. Aloe Vera juice is more powerful than you think. You can purchase organic aloe vera juice at Wal Mart for around $7.89 a gallon. It has many other uses  like lowering your blood sugar/glucose levels...good for diabetis, also strengthens amune system by cleaning out and keeping the colon clean. It will heal hemmoroids! Can t say enough good things about aloe! Just mix with your favorite juice or diet drink if you are diabetic and it wont taste bad. Also drink green tea. Not the store bought loaded with corn syrup, but the green tea you steam your self. Good for lowering high blood presure and also good to help prevent cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46104
Hi,Here is a news story that says that an effectivedrug (dichloroacetates) for cancer has already been discovered and clinical trials are on to check its efficiency in humans. Let us pray that scientists are successful with this discovery and could eventually put an end to the sufferings of millions of cancer patients, around the world.Watch this news story at the following link,http://cancernewsnetwork.blogspot.com/2007/07/dichloroacetates-possible-cure-for.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46105
It is hard. The reason is the traditional western medicine is going a wrong direction in tackling cancers. I believe the real solution is combining western medicine and Chinese medicine. I have survived from Stage 4 lung cancer because I took treatment with both western and Chinese medicines. Chinese medicine is trying to cure a patient through strengthening his own immune system, they believe the reason for a person to get cancer is not simply the cancer cells grow in one of his body organs. There must be something wrong in the functioning of a part or his whole body, so they try to find out what went wrong and then start working there.Please visit my blog with my personal experience in treating lung cancer, and more discussions about Western medicine and Chinese medicine.  http://360.yahoo.com/taichang48

QUESTION ID: BBBNWIO31E1ZLLW
QUESTION SUBJECT: Which hospital in Chennai provides best Heart Surgery Bypass? How much would it cost appr?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72368
Apollo or Asian Heart Institute. Bypass surgery is not important but the post surgery care taking is more important. The cost may vary from 2 lakhs to 4 lakhs depending on the bed and the hospital you select. Bypass does not give guarantee that re-clogging will not take place. One has to be under medication for the life time. Two months back a 70 years old man had undergone third time bypass in Mumbai. there are very good ayurvedic capsules to clear the blockages and increase the blood circulation. Capsules like Rudved/Cardoved/Suved/Rasoved etc are quire effective. You will find more details in google.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1604
The other answer on this page has given reputed namesOption A Heart Treatment WITHOUT BYPASS SurgerySGP is successful in bringing to the masses 1. Atherolysin??? - non-invasive techniques of CAD (Coronary artery disease) management using a poly-herbal formulation.Atherolysin??? ??? Rs. 25000 per a 2 month dose. You save 1 ??? 2 lacs as you would not any more require a bypass surgery or an Angioplasty. (Price in India)USD 5000 per 2m dose. (You save 95k ??? 145k dollars) Price in Europe,Russia and USA.SOURCE: http://www.saigangapanacea.com/products.htmlOption BYou may as well take advise of your insurance advisor who may talk to the reputed corporate hospitals and solve your problem at low cost of surgery with insurance policies if any.Option CYou may also meet your nearest Ayurveda Doctor to talk about options in minor stages of the problems please refer the weblink below for more1Heart treatment without surgeryin India, Russia, Delware, Europe, USA.http://www.saigangapanacea.com/products.html2Ayurvedahttp://www.fairpharma.com3The Heart problem optionhttp://www.fairpharma.com/heart_blocks.htmDisclaimer: It is not advised to try any online remedy without prior consultation or guidance of your personal Doctor. (second opinions are wiser)

QUESTION ID: BEEKRPKRUDJENC2
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long do orallly administered treatments of bowel cancer take to show they are working?
QUESTION CONTENT: If a person takes an orally administered bowel cancer treatment drug, how long will it take the doctor be able to know if the drug is working or not, and if not, change the medication?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84582
It depends on the stage of the disease. It is not just like fever or cold it is termed cancer. You should understand what is bowl cancer and the treatments mean for this disease.Colorectal cancer, also called colon cancer or bowel cancer, includes cancerous growths in the colon, rectum and appendix. It is the third most common form of cancer and the second leading cause of death among cancers in the Western world. Many colorectal cancers are thought to arise from adenomatous polyps in the colon. These mushroom-like growths are usually benign, but some may develop into cancer over time. The majority of the time, the diagnosis of localized colon cancer is through colonoscopy. Therapy is usually through surgery, which in many cases is followed by chemotherapy.The usual treatments are Surgery, chemotherapy and radiation. Some times depending upon the severity of the disease and due to side effect of radiation etc. another surgery called COLOSTOMY may be done by doctors. You will be able to see your self the effect/working of chemotherapy Chemical medicine given with IV fluids in about 15 days of giving first cycle by all the hair of the patient falling and becoming bald.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 360
Different chemo drugs and stages of cancer would determine how long. The doctor tells you when you will have  follow-up tests/labwork. Anyone on the computer would just be guessing because we don t know the specifics!

QUESTION ID: BEVLCUIGEUXRQI2
QUESTION SUBJECT: Help! i dont know why i have high blood pressure!?!?
QUESTION CONTENT: I believe i had always had higher than normal blood pressure. But i cant figure out why. I am a healthy male, eat more than my fair share of greens, and exercise on a daily basis and yet, when i went in to donate blood yesterday my blood pressure read 150/92! what is the cause?!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 44363
There are many factors that can affect your blood pressure. Some of those factors are:- Stress (Emotional, mental and physical)- Some medications can cause a rise in BP- Poor sleep habits and sleep disorders (Sleep Apnea, not enough sleep, sleep disturbances, etc.)- Body position as the reading is taken (lying down. sitting, arm not level with heart, etc.)- Also there is a condition called White Coat Hypertension . This is when a person visits a doctor and their BP goes up. It s an example of mental stress.Please remember that a persons BP can change drastically over a short period of time, often within minutes. No single reading can indicate High or Low BP. Several readings over time must be taken before there is a need for concern. Please don t be alarmed by this one reading.To help ease your mind, I have included some links to some trusted web sites. Check out the links below and relax, yourBP is on the rise. I hope this brings it back down, settles your anxiety and provides some education.My information comes from my experience with 5x Bypasses in Oct. 2006. I also have High BP (Hypertension) and High Cholesterol (Hypercholesterolemia), COPD (Emphysema) and Pulmonary Fibrosis.Sincerely,Terry
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72306
there are numerous causes for high blood pressure, and right now I suggest to you that cause is not as important as treatment....a blood pressure like that is edging into stroke territory.  You need to see a doctor as soon as possible and get that taken care of.  The doctor can also explain the various causes to you when  you see him...but see him SOON.

QUESTION ID: BG2IY05LI5GN0FX
QUESTION SUBJECT: How old is the world?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 22387
Somewhere around 4 or 5 billion years. Or if you choose the biblical version, around 6,000 years, depending on which religion you subscribe to.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15453
The generally accepted age for the Earth and the rest of the solar system is about 4.55 billion years (plus or minus about 1%). This value is derived from several different lines of evidence.Unfortunately, the age cannot be computed directly from material that is solely from the Earth. There is evidence that energy from the Earth s accumulation caused the surface to be molten. Further, the processes of erosion and crustal recycling have apparently destroyed all of the earliest surface.The oldest rocks which have been found so far (on the Earth) date to about 3.8 to 3.9 billion years ago (by several radiometric dating methods). Some of these rocks are sedimentary, and include minerals which are themselves as old as 4.1 to 4.2 billion years. Rocks of this age are relatively rare, however rocks that are at least 3.5 billion years in age have been found on North America, Greenland, Australia, Africa, and Asia.While these values do not compute an age for the Earth, they do establish a lower limit (the Earth must be at least as old as any formation on it). This lower limit is at least concordant with the independently derived figure of 4.55 billion years for the Earth s actual age.

QUESTION ID: BHI2QIGWOHUYMPB
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did agriculture make life harder for Neolithic people?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4303
Agriculture is much harder work than hunter/gathering, which is how people lived before the advent of agriculture.  It s much more strenuous work and would have left people with less free time.  The growing of corn led to particularly hard work for women, as grinding corn is generally women s work.  The first great labour-saving device ever invented was the mill, which meant corn could be ground into flour without women having to perform the back-breaking work of grinding it.  Skeletons of people from early agricultural societies are generally found to be less healthy than those from hunter-gatherer societies, because of the much harder work they had to do.  Also, people started to have a lot more children, because they needed them to work the land, which would presumably have led to a higher mortality rate among women.However, the discovery of agriculture led to a sedentary rather than a nomadic lifestyle, and meant that people could start to build and create, since they didn t have to move their possesions all the time.  And eventually led to modern civilisation.  It s easy to idealise the hunter=gatherer existence, but I would hate to have to do without central heating, hot and cold running water, book,s TV etc, andthe invention of agriculture was the beginning of all that.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4304
It didn t.Hunter-gatherers may seem to be healthier, but that s probably because fewer of them survived anyway.  Also, the notion that they were more peaceful has been disproved.  Hunter-gatherer warfare is extremely brutal.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4305
A lot of people will tell you that the AgRev (Agricultural Revolution, the changing of man from food gatherer to food producer) made things easier for Mankind, but that isn t true for most people.  Prior to the Revolution, Man was a hunter-gatherer who spent an average of 3-4 hours a day hunting. Also, the men would hunt while the women and kids gathered fruit, berries, etc. He still had plenty of leisure time for hangin , chillin , and thoughts, and the women were equals.   Once Agriculture set in, though, the average man worked 10-12 hours per day, from can see to can t on plowing, planting, hoeing, weeding, reaping, thrashing, milling... it never ends!  Not only did the work day increase 2-3-fold, but women were now left at home as support personnel who made no decisions in the family business.  This was the beginning of women as second-class citizens.The only people who had things made easier were the priests and maids of the various temples.  The idea of a god that needed adoration and could intercede on the believer s behalf came about at exactly the same time as the Agricultural revolution.  If the believers adored the god well, (usually involving money, or crops shares) then the god granted wishes like good weather, or healthy lambs.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70597
Agriculture made life easier for them, since they didn t have to sit around and starve to death anymore.

QUESTION ID: BHKVJDCO4BMOYYN
QUESTION SUBJECT: how could I find out if I m at Risk?
QUESTION CONTENT: my sister has been digonose with brain cancer, she suffered real bad headaches, now she is going throu all the treatments, when I tell my concern to our mom she just like blocks it out, I  feel like i need to know what to look for incase this happens to me, my father died of cancer and many other ralatives, i feel like my mom thinks I m trying to turn my sister stitution into mine as if i got to have it too,
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 82002
Brain cancer, (generally glioma) is relatively rare, and this type of cancer, as far as I am aware, does not appear to run in families, as do certain breast cancers.  In case you are not aware, if you live long enough, you will die of cancer -- that is, if you do not die of heart problems, in child birth, in an accident, and so on.  In ancient times, though cancers were recorded, and documented by the Greeks, as well as the Egyptians, because the average life span was only in the 30 s, cancers were less common causes of death than today.   So to answer your question, no, you are probably not at risk of getting this type of cancer.  My dad answered a question for me once when I was a kid (He was an MD.) Daddy, how do I know I don t have a cancer? His answer, tongue in cheek, Have an autopsy performed on yourself every six months. You should be aware that we all have a cancer all the time -- that is, if we define cancer as a cell that has made a mistake and is multiplying beyond ordinary ways.  But our immune system recognizes the problem and destroys it.  As we age, the immune system is less reliable.  It is then that we get a cancer large enough to be found.  Helpful?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82003
Everyone is at risk of having cancer but brain cancer is not a type with strong familial connections. The best way to check on your own risks for cancer is to have a complete health check done yearly by a good internist who knows you, your health history and your family s health history. The Dr can then decide what tests you might need for evaluating your own cancer risks.http://www.mayoclinic.org/news2005-mchi/2794.html

QUESTION ID: BJTYCA4RAX2QO4O
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do you never see stars in pictures taken in space?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76028
This was one of the claims made in a effort to debunk the moon landings. Here is an explanation on why no stars are seen in pictures taken in space. The black sky should be full of stars, yet none are visible in any of the Apollo photographs. This claim is one I hear frequently, and is one of the easiest to refute. The answer is very simple: they are too faint. The Apollo photos are of brightly lit objects on the surface of the Moon, for which fast exposure settings were required. The fast exposures simply did not allow enough starlight into the camera to record an image on the film. For the same reason, images of the Earth taken from orbit also lack stars. The stars are there; they just don t appear in the pictures. The hoax advocates often argue that stars should be visible, and some of their claims are valid, however they fail to recognize the difference between seeing stars and photographing stars. The astronauts could have recorded star images in their photos by increasing exposures, but they were not there to take star pictures. The purpose of the photos was to record the astronauts activities on the surface of the Moon. Bill Kaysing claims that NASA has perpetrated the lie that stars cannot beseen in space to validate the lack of stars in the Apollo photos. This assertion is utterly ridiculous; in fact, NASA has released many photos in which stars are visible. Common among these are long-exposure nighttime photographs of aurora taken by space shuttle astronauts. This example [see photo]is a four-second exposure taken from the flight deck of the shuttle Endeavour 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24745
I dont think the above answer is correct. The reason why we are able to see stars twinkling on the black sky from earth and take valid photographs is because the light from the stars travels between various mediums to reach our eyes. the last notable medium being the earth s atmosphere. you can note that the pictures taken in space are taken in absence of atmosphere and more notably in vacuum, where there is little or no interference with the light from the star. Also another reason is the shutter speed of the camera used to take photographs. If you use a good quality camera with slow shutter speed, you can take really good quality starry night pics with the night mode feature on earth. same is with space. telescopes like hubble use the slow shutter principle to catch more light.another reason is the brightness in space.let me explain this to you with the example of moon (from websource)The Moon s surface is airless. On Earth, our thick atmosphere scatters sunlight, spreading it out over the whole sky. That s why the sky is bright during the day. Without sunlight, the air is dark at night, allowing us to see stars.On the Moon, the lack of air means that the sky is dark. Even when the Sun is high off the horizon during full day, the sky near it will be black. If you were standing on the Moon, you would indeed see stars, even during the day.Pretend for a moment you are an astronaut on the surface of the Moon. You want to take a picture of your fellow space traveler. The Sun is low off the horizon, since all the lunar landings were done at local morning. How do you set your camera? The lunar landscape is brightly lit by the Sun, of course, and your friend is wearing a white spacesuit also brilliantly lit by the Sun. To take a picture of a bright object with a bright background, you need to set the exposure time to be fast, and close down the aperture setting too; that s like the pupil in your eye constricting to let less light in when you walk outside on a sunny day.So the picture you take is set for bright objects. Stars are faint objects! In the fast exposure, they simply do not have time to register on the film. It has nothing to do with the sky being black or the lack of air, it s just a matter of exposure time. If you were to go outside here on Earth on the darkest night imaginable and take a picture with the exact same camera settings the astronauts used, you won t see any stars!

QUESTION ID: BJZ57VW25G12HHY
QUESTION SUBJECT: Is cheerleading a sport? And if you don t belive so, why not?
QUESTION CONTENT: It really does get unfair sometimes that people don t believe cheerleading is a sport. Cheerleaders have this bad reputation, but really, we re nothing like that. If only people just knew how hard we work, and how much pressure we have on us, then they would believe it s a sport. We work our asses off! It s a sport! Get used to it!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77231
Please find Heather Jeffries, M.P.A opinion here:Most cheerleaders say ???YES??? while state and school officials say ???no.??? According to the National Federation of High School Athletic Associations, seventeen to twenty states of the United States consider cheerleading a sport. Why is the question, ???Is cheerleading a sport???? such a controversial issue to anyone not involved with the sport? According to MSN Encarta, the definition of sport is an individual or group competitive activity involving physical exertion or skill, governed by rules, and sometimes engaged in professionally. Because cheerleading follows every aspect defined under the word sport, it is my belief that cheerleading should be defined as an actual sport.The word cheerleader no longer means a sideline of squads that exist solely to support other sporting teams. Cheer teams are teams in their own right. College and high school cheer teams competefor national titles just as football, basketball, baseball, etc. Cheerleaders are recruited for college scholarships that have been known to exceed amounts awarded to other sports teams. Some cheer teams put in more hours in the gym than teams such as football and basketball. Cheerleaders have to be in just as good physical condition as any other sport participant.Cheerleading in the early years was nothing like the sport it is today. Over the past few decade cheerleading has evolved from leading audiences with simple arm movements to treacherous towers of humans and elaborate dances that are used to show the athleticism of cheerleaders. Cheerleading has developed from selections based on popularity to one that now claims some of the more talented athletes in the school/program.Cheerleaders are not seen as athletes, but seen as being athletic. Cheerleaders are very specialized athletes. Most do not understand the skill and athleticism required by cheerleading. The gymnastics ability, power and strength make cheerleaders some of the more wellrounded athletes in sports. Cheerleading not only teaches coordination and helps condition competitors, but it also teaches teamwork, leadership, communication skills, organizational skills, productivity and much more.Cheerleading contributes to the overall physical fitness of those involved. Many teams are in the gym four to six days a week working out, practicing, stretching and conditioning for upcoming performances or competitions. Running increases one???s lung power and endurance. Stretching, jumping, taking gymnastics and aerobics all help keep the body toned and healthy. So as you can see, cheerleading practice and workouts are much like those of other sports.When it comes to funding issues, the sport of cheerleading is not equally supported. Monies are contributed to sports that do not consistently perform well. Cheer teams that do perform well usually do not receive the monetary compensations for their performances. Scholarships, donations from alumni, and extra funding to the school rarely get distributed to the cheer programs. Programs known for winning national titles over several years occasionally receive monies. I believe this occurs only once the administration realizes the need to keep those athletes in their program. Cheerleading does not bring the revenue to schools like football games; however, the publicity that some cheer teams contribute to the school can be profitable in other ways.As a former cheerleader myself, I remember having long and strenuous practices which seemed to last forever. Because my life was so into cheerleading, I did and still consider cheerleading a sport. I have always told people who I???ve talked to about cheerleading that I consider it to be a sport. After being exposed to the competitiveness of cheerleading, I stand stronger behind my beliefs in the sport of cheerleading.Being a co-owner and one of the head coaches for Clarksville Cheer Extreme, an all star cheerleading gym in Clarksville, Tennessee, I see the importance of the kids being in excellent physical condition. Most competition routines are 2 1/2 minutes in length of non-stop activity including jumping, running, tumbling, stunting and yelling. Two and one half minutes does not seem to be long, but for someone out of shape, it could be a lifetime. Our teams spend three months of their summer break conditioning and preparing for the upcoming competition season. The workout programs are intense and very much like other sports teams. Several exercises we use came from other sports workout programs.Cheerleading a sport. Yes! If sports are defined as competitive activity involving physical exertion or skill, cheerleading has to be considered a sport. Because cheerleaders constantly put forth time, effort and dedication, it is hard for most to understand why the question has to be asked, ???Is this a sport???? This question has been the cause for several all-star gyms to be created. Schools could not offer the competitivenessthat several cheerleaders wanted to be a part of; therefore, all star gyms have been opened around the country to help the survival of competitive cheerleading and the sport of cheerleading.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25799
Although I was never a cheerleader I believe that cheerleading is indeed a sport. It takes just as much physical stamina as any other sport. Cheerleaders need to be in great physical condition and are subjected to long practices just like any other sport.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25800
To me, a sport requires the use of physical skill used to win a competition.  So, chess is a competition, but not a sport.  Cheerleading takes physical skill, but is not a sport, unless there is competition of some sort, and sometimes there is.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25801
Cheerleading has become a sport in recent years, but most people haven t accepted it as such yet. Traditionally cheerleading has been for just that--leading cheers and getting the audience excited. Personally, I think that if cheerleading is to be considered a real sport, they should no longer be present at other sports games because in that case it s only a distraction. Otherwise, they ll have to just accept their old role.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29707
It is athletic, but with exceptions there is no element of competition.  It is more like dance; worthy, but not a sport.

QUESTION ID: BLFSKTXNSUVHPUR
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is cancer formed?
QUESTION CONTENT: why or how is cancer formed?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88218
Cancer develops when cells in a part of the body begin to grow out of control. Although there are many kinds of cancer, they all start because of out-of-control growth of abnormal cells.Normal body cells grow, divide, and die in an orderly fashion. During the early years of a person s life, normal cells divide more rapidly until the person becomes an adult. After that, cells in most parts of the body divide only to replace worn-out or dying cells and to repair injuries.Because cancer cells continue to grow and divide, they are different from normal cells. Instead of dying, they outlive normal cells and continue to form new abnormal cells.Cancer cells often travel to other parts of the body where they begin to grow and replace normal tissue. This process, called metastasis, occurs as the cancer cells get into the bloodstream or lymph vessels of our body. When cells from a cancer like breast cancer spread to another organ like the liver, the cancer is still called breast cancer, not liver cancer.Cancer cells develop because of damage to DNA. This substance is in every cell and directs all its activities. Most of the time when DNA becomes damaged the body is able to repair it. In cancer cells, the damaged DNA is not repaired. People can inherit damaged DNA, which accounts for inherited cancers. Many times though, a person???s DNA becomes damaged by exposure to something in the environment, like smoking.Cancer usually forms as a tumor. Some cancers, like leukemia, do not form tumors. Instead, these cancer cells involve the blood and blood-forming organs, and circulate through other tissues where they grow.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57179
It s either from enviromental pollution,(Things we eat, breath, products we use in everyday life) or your family s genetics.Cancer usually is a Vitamin B-17 deficiency.But, our Government stops this because Cancer is a Billion Dollar Buisness$$$$

QUESTION ID: BMNSW78OBQ8ECIG
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is it that many men have heart attacks and die when mowing the yard.?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have know quite a few friends of the family, church members, etc. that have had heart attacks and have died when mowing their yard. Many of them were between age 50 - 60. What is it about mowning as compared to other manual labor in the heat?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 43859
Physical stress resulting in depletion of oxygen to the heart. Lawn mowers normal overdo for which their heart is not physically capable. Hence acute massive Infarction results and sudden death/death ensues.People in the above age group must be warned not to overdo specially in hot (water depletion) or  cold weather (coronary spasm).Precautionary method is to take a sublingual pill prior starting mowing but within limits say 5 minutes than a break than 10 minutes and a break, better on empty stomach, nothing doing after you had your breakfast or a large meal.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43860
For some people, mowing the grass is one of the most strenuous things that they do in a typical week.Also, its often done in hot, sunny conditions.Also, its the kind of thing people start, and they don t want to take a break, they just drive themselves to keep pushing until its done.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43861
Mowing the lawn is probably one of the more strenuous activities that they do.  Any manual labor done in the heat could cause a heart attack.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86972
It is because this type of exercise creates unusual excessively high transient pulse pressures (Pp) which then exacerbate possibly, (-even probably) already -high mean systemic arterial pressure (Pm) in people with circulatory problems. The systolic pressure (Ps) is what causes blood vessel rupture, and the equation for systolic pressure is:-                    Ps = Pm + 2Pp/3.The abnormally high systolic pressure is due to the brain configuring an aberrantly high ratio of stroke volume (the amount of blood pumped out per stroke) to pulse-rate (N) to deliver the required amount of cardiac output to meet the body s needs, (Stroke volume x Pulse rate = Cardiac output)Pulse pressure Pp at the outlet of the heart is directly proportional to stroke volume and so too high a stroke volume generates too high a pulse pressure, and the 2Pp/3 term above thus gives rise to very excessive systolic pressures. These burst blood vessels, and cause not only heart attacks but strokes too.In the case of a man mowing grass on a hot day, his effective (mean systemic arterial) pressure will already be elevated simply by the increased effort, and the heat, to begin with. Now, citing typical clinical figures, a normal resting cardiac output is about 5 litres/minute. However, say for instance on this hot day, and under the greatly increased stress of mowing, his body now demands 20 litres/minute. The brain could accomplish this by doubling the heart rate and doubling the stroke volume. BUT, .. IF - (typically by beta-blocking!) -  the pulse rate is inhibited from rising properly to meet the additional demand, then the stroke volume has to rise to almost unimaginable levels to try to meet the20 litres demand .  His pulse pressure rises proportionately, and when 2/3rds of it is added to the mean pressure, it may be seen how huge systolic levels are generated.To make things worse, there is every possiblity that the individual concerned is already on beta-blockers , which means he even starts at a disadvantage, because his pulse-rate will already be low, (say 55bpm) so his stroke volume (and pulse-pressure already too high). I leave you to work the figures out yourself -as homework! But if you want to get in touch and discuss it, feel free to email me.

QUESTION ID: BN4P7E4X0PSKOGM
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does ECG Electro Cadio Gram Work? How do doctors able to read graphical image?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32872
The EKG (it s actually an ECG but most commonly referred to as the former) gives a remarkable amount of valuable information for such a quick and non-invasive test.  Basically, in laymans terms, the EKG picks up on electrical impulses within the heart, which can identify any reduced activity in parts of the heart, primarily reduced blood flow.  If one has had a heart attack, there would be a portion of the heart which is not receiving electrical stimulation because a part of the heart muscle dies if one has had a heart attack.  The test will also pick up on portions of the heart that have reduced activity, which is sometimes associated with reduced blood flow caused by ischemia (blockage in one or more of your coronary arteries)  Most ECG tests are done with high tech equipment that actually does the interpretation for the doctor.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83888
ElectrocardiogramAn Electrocardiogram (EKG or ECG) records the electrical activity of the heart from the surface of the chest using electrodes placed on each arm and leg and six placed on the chest. These electrodes are connected by wires to an EKG machine. 12 different tracings are produced and this is called a 12 lead EKG. Each tracing gives a view of the heart from a different angle. The 12 leads of an EKG are called I, II, III, aVR, aVL, aVF, and V1, V2, V3, V4, V5, and V6. Depending on which EKG lead is involved, your physician can tell during a heart attack which part of the heart it is occurring in. Then, based on his knowledge of anatomy, he can determine which artery is blocked. The EKG gives the physician information about : heart rate heart rhythm adequacy of blood supply to the heart presence of a heart attack enlargement of the heart inflammation around the heart (pericarditis) effects of drugs and electrolytes on the heart.Please see the webpages for more details on ECG.

QUESTION ID: BOPDNT7PP8HTXGR
QUESTION SUBJECT: lim(x-->0)  (sin x) / (x + tan x) .  Why does it equal 1/2?
QUESTION CONTENT: I said it doesn t exist but the back of the book says 1/2.  How did they end up with 1/2?Thank you.I ll give you the points as soon as I can..
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 63918
Since when you plug in 0 into the limit, you get 0/0, I d try L Hopital s Rule.It says take the derivative of the top and the bottom, and you ll get the same limit. derivative of sin(x) = cos(x).  Derivative of (x + tan(x)) = 1 + sec^2(x).lim as x --->0 cos(x) / (x + sec^2(x) = 1 / (1 + 1) = 1/2.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4974
If you plug in 0, then you will arrive at 0/0 which is undefined.  This means that we can use L Hospital s Rule.  In other words, we will take the derivative of the numerator and the derivative of the denominator.derivative[sin(x)]= cos(x)derivative[x + tan(x)]= 1 + sec^2 (x)So, now,lim(x-->0) sin(x)/(x + tan(x)) = lim(x-->0) cos(x)/(1 + sec^2 (x))= cos(0)/(1 + sec^2 (0)) = 1/(1 + 1/(1^2)) = 1/(1 + 1) = 1/2

QUESTION ID: BOW18T8XFQCG0W6
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the leap year called a leap year?
QUESTION CONTENT: I know what it is and how it works. Why is  it called leap .
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73437
WHY?Hundreds of years ago the leap year day had no recognition in English law. Theday was leapt over and ignored, hence the term leap year What is a leap year?A leap year is a year with one extra day inserted into February, the leap year is 366 days with 29 days in February as opposed to the normal 28 days. (There are a few past exceptions to this) Which years are leap years?In the Gregorian calendar, which is the calendar used by most modern countries, the following rules decides which years are leap years:Every year divisible by 4 is a leap year. But every year divisible by 100 is NOT a leap year Unless the year is also divisible by 400, then it is still a leap year.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8555
In the Gregorian calendar, a leap year is any year which number can be divided by 4 without a remainder, and years ending in hundrets are no leap years unless they are divisible by 400. But the Eastern Orthodox churches compute leap years within the Gregorian calendar by using another rule; and that, a leap year is any year which number can be divided by 4 without a remainder, and years ending in hundrets are leap years, if a remainder of 2 or 6 occurs when such a year is divided by 9.

QUESTION ID: BQKJL5S4R8MJ3SC
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can you tell if you have breast cancer?(serious replies only)?
QUESTION CONTENT: I ve had small bumps around my nipples ever since i ve had boobs,but i just noticed that i seem to have gotten more.Is this normal and could it be cancerous?????I know most people say to check for lumps,and its not really a lump(more like a bump)just wondering if it s serious or normal? Does anyone else get these?If anyone knows any websites that have pictures of this stuff i d appreciate it.Okay i asked for advice i already know i ll have to eventually go see a doctor if you people can t actually be helpful and give real information on here then don t answer my question okay.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84726
Okay, I m thinking that people are misinterpreting your question.When you say around your nipples, do you mean that the bumps are still within the colored part (areola)?  If so, that s normal... those are supposed to be there.Sometimes they become more pronounced (noticable) than at other times.  Sometimes you ll barely be able to see them at all, and other times they ll be really obvious... especially when the nipple becomes cold or aroused.  Has this happened on BOTH breasts?  Do the bumps appear to somewhat match the ones that you ve always noticed?  Do they all line up in a circle around your nipple?  These are all good things... cancer is almost NEVER symmetrical.Yes, it is hard to judge without seeing them, but there s a really good picture of a normal nipple on Wikipedia that might help you judge.  (It s the second picture down, not the cow one!)http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nipple(To forewarn, this is an actual photograph, so if anyone might be offended by this, DON T CLICK IT.  I m posting this for informative purposes only.)Anyway, I don t think you have anything to worry about... nipples are funny things; they really are!  You don t say how old you are, but if you re still developing (teens, or even early twenties), you can expect some change in the way your body looks.The only cause I would have for concern is if you re having any sort of nipple discharge (especially bloody), that could be an indication of cancer or another infection.Do you get a yearly examination?  If you ve got one coming up, just ask the doctor at that time if it s something you re worried about.  If what you re experiencing meets the characteristics I ve described (the positive characteristics), I wouldn t worry about it at all.I know you re just looking for reassurance now, and I hope I ve helped.  It sucks wondering about this sort of thing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36269
There is no way to determine if your bumps aren t in fact small lumps under the skin with out seeing a Dr.  I think I know what you are talking about....its on the edge of your aureole and they are just small raised spots like where little hairs grow....if so... I  do believe it s normal.  But if it is deeper and you have to push into the skin to feel it then that s when I would definitely see a Dr.  If its not then ask your Dr next time you see him for something else.  In your question you don t tell how old you are or any family history and that can make a difference.  Lumps, bumps are nothing to play around with these days.  If something could be serious and easy to detect by a Dr.  there is no reason to take a chance.   I know because I have had 2 mastectomy s.  Don t be so short with people.  To get the perfect answer you do need to see your DR !!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36271
Breast cancer is a cancer of breast tissue. Worldwide, it is the most common form of cancer in females, affecting, at some time in their lives, approximately one out of nine to thirteen women who reach age ninety in the Western world. It is the second most fatal cancer in women (after lung cancer).SymptomsEarly breast cancer causes no symptoms and is not painful. Usually breast cancer is discovered before any symptoms are present, either on mammography or by feeling a breast lump. A lump under the arm or above the collarbone that does not go away may be present. Other possible symptoms include breast discharge, nipple inversion and changes in the skin overlying the breast.Due to the high incidence of breast cancer among older women, screening is now recommended in many countries. Screening methods suggested include breast self-examination and mammography. Mammography has been shown to reduce breast cancer-related mortality by 20-30%. Routine (annual) mammography of women older than 50 is encouraged as a screening method to diagnose early breast cancer and has demonstrated a protective effect in multiple clinical trials. Normal (left) versus cancerous (right) mammography image.Mammography is still the modality of choice for screening of early breast cancer, and breast cancers detected by mammography are usually smaller than those detected clinically.You have said you are going to a doctor. Please select a good Oncologist. Wish you all the best.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36272
No, I can t tell you if you do have breast cancer or not, I am not an oncologist or a specialist concerinin womens breats....consult a doctor and get a mammogram right away....Always get a yearly mammogram.The fight against breast cancer, stops with an annual checkup
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36273
i think what you have might be normal.. unless they have grown ,,,,or changed in color or size.

QUESTION ID: BR644SRRTNR2ZZY
QUESTION SUBJECT: What is cancer, and why do we get it?
QUESTION CONTENT: Cancer is a ver big matter and alot of people survive from it but i just dont know why,Do you?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85625
Cancer is not just one disease, but a large group of almost one hundred diseases. Its two main characteristics are uncontrolled growth of the cells in the human body and the ability of these cells to migrate from the original site and spread to distant sites. If the spread is not controlled, cancer can result in death.DescriptionOne out of every four deaths in the United States is from cancer. It is second only to heart disease as a cause of death in the states. About 1.2 million Americans are diagnosed with cancer annually; more than 500,000 die of cancer annually.Cancer can attack anyone. Since the occurrence of cancer increases as individuals age, most of the cases are seen in adults, middle-aged or older. Sixty percent of all cancers are diagnosed in people who are older than 65 years of age. The most common cancers are skin cancer, lung cancer, colon cancer, breast cancer (in women), and prostate cancer (in men). In addition, cancer of the kidneys, ovaries, uterus, pancreas, bladder, rectum, and blood and lymph node cancer (leukemias and lymphomas) are also included among the 12 major cancers that affect most Americans.Cancer, by definition, is a disease of the genes. A gene is a small part of DNA, which is the master molecule of the cell. Genes make proteins, which are the ultimate workhorses of the cells. It is these proteins that allow our bodies to carry out all the many processes that permit us to breathe, think, move, etc.According to the estimates of the American Cancer Society (ACS), approximately 40% of the cancer deaths in 1998 will be due to tobacco and excessive alcohol use. An additional one-third of the deaths will be related to diet and nutrition. Many of the one million skin cancers that are expected to be diagnosed in 1998 will be due to over-exposure to ultraviolet light from the sun s rays.The major risk factors for cancer are: tobacco, alcohol, diet, sexual and reproductive behavior, infectious agents, family history, occupation, environment and pollution.Cancer is not just one disease, but a large group of almost one hundred diseases. Its two main characteristics are uncontrolled growth of the cells in the human body and the ability of these cells to migrate from the original site and spread to distant sites. If the spread is not controlled, cancer can result in death.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12070
It is a disease and can affect any part of the body. Absolutley no one on the planet can tell you for sure why anybody gets it or where they will be affected.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39376
Poor nutrition, a sedentary lifestyle and reduced oxygen weaken the immune system. Once that happens, our body becomes vulnerable to common stressors. Stressors can be environmental, like viruses, heavy metals, pesticides, food additives, electromagnetic waves or pollution. They can be internal things like emotional or job stress, or poisonous people in our lives. And aging is also a contributing factor.If you put stressors into a body with a weak immune system, you get illness. Conventional medicine is still working on cures. Alternative medicine says they have found cures. You decide who s right. You can email me if you want.  Best of luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53186
cancer is crap that takes over the body, it is contagious
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53187
If you have heard the saying Shit Happens then there you go

QUESTION ID: BRDRFXAEL3ITC52
QUESTION SUBJECT: Please Help me.I dont know how to explain this to my parents.?
QUESTION CONTENT: Please Help me.I really need help.. For the past three weeks i have been searching online and getting information about Anal Cancer.And i looked at pictures of it. I have most of the symptoms and the pictures resemble what it looks like on me. Ive had this for about a month now. And i dont know what to do. I live with my mother and her boyfreind and i do not know how to tell them about it. I feel very akward trying to tell them whenever i try. Ive tried just telling them but i cant. Im scared they will laugh and not believe me. Or that they will want to see it. And i refuse to show them. I know i need to see a doctor but. I just cant tell my parents about it. Can somebody PLEASE help me with this. How should i tell them? Should i even tell them?What should i do if they ask to see it?PLEASE this is very improtant that somebody helps me with this.Its been a month sinc ei noticed i have this.Im scared to tell them.PLEASE HELP ME-JJ17/mMoney is an issue..It will cost alot of $$$ to just get it checked out
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87355
You do not mention having fevers, weight loss, weakness, or night sweats so you are missing typical symptoms of cancer. Seventeen year olds do not get anal cancer. Most likely you have piles or hemorrhoids or possibly a fissure, all ofwhich are very common at all ages. I guarantee you that an inflamed external hemorrhoid might look like a cancer to someone who has never seen either before. If you had anal cancer you would not be able to see it (since this cancer is located inside the anal canal) and if you could see it you would already be bedridden because you would be so ill. A Dr appointment will confirm what I am telling you and should cost less than 100 bucks even if you do not have insurance. The school nurse might even be a no cost health resource option.  In the meantime sit your butt in some hot water 2-3 times daily and soak for 15 minutes and also use some preparation H 2 or 3 times daily and I m guessing your anal cancer will be healed before your Dr appointment ever arrives. Also add lots of fiber to your diet - bran flakes, raisins, apples, etc, eaten daily and also drink lots of water every day. Very poor American diet habits give most people hemorrhoids so lay off the junk food and get back to being regular.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87356
You need to talk to your mother about going to the doctor since you are underage. You should have a complete physical examination in order to determine what is going on.At your age however, anal cancer would be unusual. There are certain cancers that affect teens and young adults and this is not commonly one of them. It is also uncommon for young people to have symptoms. Cancer in the early stages is asymptomatic. What you are describing may be something else entirely and not cancer at all. You could have hemmoroids, ulcerative colitis, iritable bowel syndrome, or crohns disease . . . it might not be cancer, but that is why you need a doctor to invesigate.  Only a doctor can examine you, make a diagnosis, and get you treatment. You can read about the types of cancer commonly found in teenagers and young adults:Teens living with cancerhttp://www.teenslivingwithcancer.org/cancerFacts/whatIs/

QUESTION ID: BRS3XDAM3NKJQR0
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69118
The first steps towards correctly explaining the colour of the sky were taken by John Tyndall in 1859. He discovered that when light passes through a clear fluid holding small particles in suspension, the shorter blue wavelengths are scattered more strongly than the red. This can be demonstrated by shining a beam of white light through a tank of water with a little milk or soap mixed in. From the side, the beam can be seen by the blue light it scatters; but the light seen directly from the end is reddened after it has passed through the tank. The scattered light can also be shown to be polarised using a filter of polarised light, just as the sky appears a deeper blue through polaroid sun glasses.This is most correctly called the Tyndall effect, but it is more commonly known to physicists as Rayleigh scattering--after Lord Rayleigh, who studied it in more detail a few years later. He showed that the amount of light scattered is inversely proportional to the fourth power of wavelength for sufficiently small particles. It follows that blue light is scattered more than red light by a factor of (700/400)4 ~= 10.Dust or Molecules?Tyndall and Rayleigh thought that the blue colour of the sky must be due to small particles of dust and droplets of water vapour in the atmosphere. Even today, people sometimes incorrectly say that this is the case. Later scientists realised that if this were true, there would be more variation of sky colour with humidity or haze conditions than was actually observed, so they supposed correctly that the molecules of oxygen and nitrogen in the air are sufficient to account for the scattering. The case was finally settled by Einstein in 1911, who calculated the detailed formula for the scattering of light from molecules; and this was found to be in agreement with experiment. He was even able to use the calculation as a further verification of Avogadro s number when compared with observation. The molecules are able to scatter light because the electromagnetic field of the light waves induces electric dipole moments in the molecules.Why not violet?If shorter wavelengths are scattered most strongly, then there is a puzzle as to why the sky does not appear violet, the colour with the shortest visible wavelength. The spectrum of light emission from the sun is not constant at all wavelengths, and additionally is absorbed by the high atmosphere, so there is less violet in the light. Our eyes are also less sensitive to violet. That s part of the answer; yet a rainbow shows that there remains a significant amount of visible light coloured indigo and violet beyond the blue. The rest of the answer to this puzzle lies in the way our vision works. We have three types of colour receptors, or cones, in our retina. They are called red, blue and green because they respond most strongly to light at those wavelengths. As they are stimulated in different proportions, our visual system constructs the colours we see.Response curves for the three types of cone in the human eyeWhen we look up at the sky, the red cones respond to the small amount of scattered red light, but also less strongly to orange and yellow wavelengths. The green cones respond to yellow and the more strongly-scattered green and green-blue wavelengths. The blue cones are stimulatedby colours near blue wavelengths which are very strongly scattered. If there were no indigo and violet in the spectrum, the sky would appear blue with a slight green tinge. However, the most strongly scattered indigo and violet wavelengths stimulate the red cones slightly as well as the blue, which is why these colours appear blue with an added red tinge. The net effect is that the red and green cones are stimulated about equally by the light from the sky, while the blue is stimulated more strongly. This combination accounts for the pale sky blue colour. It may not be a coincidence that our vision is adjusted to see the sky as a pure hue. We have evolved to fit in with our environment; and the ability to separate natural colours most clearly is probably a survival advantage.NOTE: AS YOU ARE NEW TO THIS SITE, I THINK I SHOULD TELL YOU THAT YOU HAVE TO CHOOSE ONE ANSWER AS THE BEST. CHOOSE MINE IF YOU ARE SATISFIED WITH THE ANSWER
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29976
The sky is blue because blue is a very low wave length on the color spectrum thing. (i think so because that is what i learned last year in 7th grade) Maybe someone else can explain it more, but i hope this helps and good luck!

QUESTION ID: BTIZ5QKKL4WFV4F
QUESTION SUBJECT: How the galaxies were formed?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78745
there are many theories had been formulated by scientists...1. the big bang theory -- it states that at first there was a blazing or hot sphere...untill time goes on this sphere continues to acccumulate heat..after such time it bursted and emitted particles and this particles formed into different galaxies.2. the collision theory--scientist said that there was a comet heading to another comet in space..then this two comets collided with each other and there particles scattered into space and therefore creating galaxies.and there are other more theories..but for me it is really god who created the galaxies and space...cause if there is a thing or a galaxy probably somebody puts it there..or somebody is responsible for it to be created...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26973
The universe was SPOKEN into existence by GOD.Check this out this is SCIENTIFIC PROOF that the earth is not MILLIONS of years old.The earth s rotation is getting slower. this is evidenced by the fact that every 2 years or so we have to take into account a LEAP SECOND. the Days are actually getting longer.If you rewind time lets say as little as 1,000,000 tears adding as we go back in time the lost speed in earths rotation. you will find that the earth would be Spinning SO FAST that NOTHING could remain on the surrface of the earth.  to plants no animals no water no loose stones no nothing.  this is because at that speed the earths centripital force would not allow anything to remain on the surface.  this is just ONE of the MANY ways to SCIENTIFICALLY PROVE the earth isn t Millions of years old and the universe isn t BILLIONS of years old.There are many other ways to prove this too. all of them very scientific SHOWING THE MATH which i have not done here for sake of time.READ UP HERE http://www.drdino.com

QUESTION ID: BTUGPQ70IB04V1G
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why can I see the moon on a sunny day?
QUESTION CONTENT: Why is it on a sunny day I can sometimes see the moon in the sjy also when by rights it should be round the other side of the world?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76562
 The moon does not circle the Earth once a day. The Earth circles the sun once a day. The Moon orbits the Earth about twice every 24 hours. That s why we have tides (high and low). SAY WHAT?  Not even close.  There are junior high science teachers weeping over this answer .The earth rotates once a day on its axis.  That is the definition of a day - the time it takes for a planetary body to rotate once on its axis. The earth circles the sun once a year - actually 365.24 days (which is why we have leap years).  That is the definition of a year - the time it takes for a planet to orbit the sun.  As you can tell, planetary years are longer or shorter depending on the distance from the sun.Our earth s axis is tilted.  The northern hemisphere is closer to the sun in the summer and farther in the winter.  This is how we get seasons.The moon orbits the earth once every twenty-eight days, give or take an afternoon. The phases of the moon are caused by it being in a slightly different position everyday relative to the sun.  The moon does cause tides - its gravitational pull causes the oceans to bulgeout towards the moon.  However, there is a matching bulge directly opposite the moon.  THAT is why we have two high tides and two low tides a day.  In addition, the sun exerts a lesser pull, which interacts with the moons pull.Sorry about that - had to correct the flagrant misinformation there.As for your question - it is a weird effect, isn t it?  Especially when the moon is closer to a new moon.What happens is that our atmosphere scatters the light from the sun so that our sky is quite bright.(Why is the sky blue? has been discussed here many times).  However, the moon is reflecting enough light so that it is brighter than the surrounding sky and we see it.When the moon is less than full, there is very little light reflected off of the dark side of the moon (what light is reflected is earthshine!)  This light is not bright enough to outshine the sky.Think of a white sheet (in a dark room) that images are being projected onto.  The sheet will look opaque until someone shines a light onto it from the back that is brighter than the image projected from the front.  That is the basic effect that we are getting - the atmosphere is a sheet, with the sun and the moon both shining on to it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25278
I think it s because the moon has a different path of translation than the earth, and sometimes in the year, it offers us that wonderful show...Isn t that beautiful?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25279
because the earth rotates each day, the moon also rotates around the earth so sometimes since it rotates around the earth faster than the earth rotates around in a circle so you can see it during the day.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76563
The moon does not circle the Earth once a day. The Earth circles the sun once a day. The Moon orbits the Earth about twice every 24 hours. That s why we have tides (high and low).The Moon is above your head for several hours every day. However, the Moon does not produce its own light. The Moon merely reflects the light from the Sun. At night, the contrast is huge as the Moon appears bright. During the day, however, the Moon is just as bright as it is all night, but the Sun drowns it out, so you don t notice it. Occasionally, it s dark enough during the day (usually in the early morning or evening), and the Moon is bright enough to be seen, but it s always there.Good Luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76564
you see the moon on a sunny day most often when the moon is almost full. since the moon circles the earth and the earth circles the moon it is possible to see both sun and moon at the same time.

QUESTION ID: BUDSYVH1VR76NHY
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people smoke when we know it is a killer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 19488
First of all nicotine is a STIMULANT, it does NOTHING to relax you or relieve tension.  With that said, your question is slightly vague...there are two parts..why do people start smoking when everyone knows it s bad for you, or why do people continue to smoke when they know its bad for you.  The answers are vastly different, not only in themselves, but also from person to person.As a smoker, past and present, I can tell you that I started smoking to belong to a group in High School.  Then the social aspect out weighed the health risk.  Now, after 14 years of smoking it has become very much so a habit and is now as much of a mental addiction as it is a physical addiction.  While I am very aware that smoking causes serious health problems I continue to do it.  Now I will make a few statements that are typical of a smoker s excuse...not all people who smoke develope health problems.  For instance, my grandmother smoked back in the day when ciggarettes were REAL BAD for you and she smoked till the day she died at the ripe old age of 93 of natural causes (aka old age).  Most people who smoke think like that... Oh, that will be me, nothing will happen to me because I am superman/woman Besides, it s my life, and a free country and all that other BS.I guess the point that I am trying to make or the answer to your question is because they want to.  Simple and straight forward.  Hope I hepled.P.S.  I think the word that Stephanie was trying to spell was they re not there (one is referring to people, the other a place)...and she says smokers are stupid, go figure.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45444
because they are addicted to it and cant live with out it any more....

QUESTION ID: BVHM6GIPTO6KU8T
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long does an oil rig s supply of food and drink last for?
QUESTION CONTENT: Also how do they generate power for things like central heating, lighting etc etc- do they burn some of the oil they drill?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2598
In the North Sea, helicopters usually fly out to the rigs every day or so, with crew and small supply items.  Also, supply ships usually visit once or twice a week with bulkier deliveries of fuel, water, chemicals and materials.I remember years ago whilst working on a rig, the perishable salad stuff running out after a storm had prevented re-supplies from reaching us for a few days, but there were plenty of other bulk supplies on board.  The rig operators plan for this sort of thing of course.As for fuel - the rigs only drill the boreholes, and do not produce the oil.  On the bigger production facilities, you cannot just tap into the oil stream, because it s crude oil, not refined.  So the rigs have to use fuel oil and diesel for their enegy needs, just like everybody else!  That said, some of the excess produced gas can be used for on-site electricity generation.  I think that some of the production facilities are also now using wind and solar power to supplement their energy needs.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60251
Hmmm, lets think,  they have big generators onboard and suck fuel out of the sea - cant see power being a problem. The power will work the desalination plant to make the drinking water and they are surrounded by fish so I guess as long as they have fishing hooks!Seriously, they have to get the fuel from shore - non there that they can use and same with the food. I think the limit would be how long these last - perhaps a couple of months (winter storms might cut it off for a week with 2 crews on board so have to cater for that)

QUESTION ID: BWMMVMJR4K187M1
QUESTION SUBJECT: Can someone tell why there is so much public attention given to breast cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: I mean, sure breast cancer is very scary and all, but it has the third highest death rate of the cancers, preceeded by lung and colon.  Sure a lot of cases of lung cancer are directly related to smoking but what about colon cancer?  Colon cancer attacks men and women and we hardly ever hear anything about it.  My wife had colon cancer and until she did, we never realized how many people die of this each year.  Why doesn t everyone know this?  I guess I am on a rant, but if there is a cancer that does not descriminate by gender and more people die from it, why doesn t everyone know all there is to know about it?  Also, my wife was only 36 when diagnosed, so it is not an age thing either.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 840
1]most people believe all lung cancers are caused by smoking [ they aren t]. Youngest patient I took care of was 22, and had never smoked - died within three months.[ 213,380 new cases; 160,390 deaths].2]no one likes to discuss their colon, even with a spouse[ 153,760 new cases; 52,180 deaths]3]breasts are usually attractive, unlike lungs and colons - and other people appreciate them. Youngest patient I took care of was also 22 - and six months pregnant.4]breast cancer is second most common cancer occuring in women [ 178,489 new cases; 40,460 deaths], after skin cancer. [ over 1,000,000 new cases; over 2,000 deaths].Breast cancer also occurs in men. [ 0.5% in US]- 2,030 new cases; 450 deaths.Breast cancer is not reversed - and not necessarily preventable either.Although I had regular mammographies, and had no family history of breast cancer or any risk factor other than being overweight, I had a stage three a cancer - requiring mastectomy, chemo, radiation, and hormone therapy.I have now had four breast surgeries, and am still not done.[ skin problem as result of chemo].All breast cancers are not visible on mammography [ which by the way was always painful to me - squishing does not begin to describe it - flattening to 1 inch thick, maybe].I have also had ultrasounds, and a needle biopsy, and a core biopsy [ gigantic needle under ultrasound].All cancers are important, all can be painful, and all have difficult or painful procedures involved.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53900
Because breast cancer is easier to reverse if you catch it early and it has the most simple test.  You just stick your boob into a squishing thing and get it x-rayed.  Testing for other cancers is more invasive and more expensive.If all women know about the dangers, then it is that much easier to prevent.  Think about how many people died from other things (take your pick) because they had no idea it was bad for them?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53901
It s not the breast cancer is a more deserving charity - it s that so many celebrities have had it  and have died of it. Really, that s how it boils down. The love we have of the brave women in the media and their survivor skills. Recent commercials have addressed colon cancer as a serious threat and one that no one wants to talk about it as it doesn t have the sex and media appeal of a breast cancer. Neither are more deserving - it s just the way the cookie crumbles.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53903
You must remember that breast cancer advocacy and education has all come from the private sector and not from the medical field. All fundraising and education has come about through the efforts of one business woman.The reason for the public attention for breast cancer is due to the organizational skills of Evelyn Lauder who heads Estee Lauder Cosmetics. In 1992, Evelyn Lauder took the idea for a pink ribbon as a symbol to begin a national and internation crusade for research funds for breast cancer. Using her business expertise she spearheaded the campaign and raised well over $144 million in research funds. With her business connections she was able to persuade other businesses to also take up the cause to fight breast cancer.So, it is not really that breast cancer is more important . . it is that there is a better organization that is running it. Read more about Evelyn Lauder and the pink ribbonhttp://www.elcompanies.com/the_company/evelyn_h_lauder.aspBreast Cancer Research Foundationhttp://www.bcrfcure.org/Evelyn Lauderhttp://www.evelynlauder.com/No other type of cancer has had the organization and corporate backing that breast cancer funding has.

QUESTION ID: BWXDIAEHRR1G57Z
QUESTION SUBJECT: What are stem cells and how can they be used?
QUESTION CONTENT: Can someone please explain to me what they are using simple terms? Everything I read on the internet is so complicated. Where can we get stem cells?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7973
In simple terms a stem cell is one cell that can differentiate to become several other cell types.The easiest example would be a fertilised egg: it is one cell type (a fertilised ovum), but it can divide and choose which cell type it becomes later - as *all* the many different cell types found in your body come from that one original cell (nerve cells, muscle cells, fat cells, etc.).There are several types of stem cell, which are classified by how many different cell types they can theoretically differentiate into:[1]Totipotent stem cell - these can become *any* of the cell types found in your body. Early embryonic stem cells are of this type.[2]Pluripotent stem cells - the very first stage of embryonic cell differentiation is the development of three germ layers , which will each become several different tissues in the adult body. The Endoderm becomes your digestive system (stomach, intestines, colon), liver, lungs, and bladder. The Mesoderm becomes your muscle, skeleton, connective tissue, kidneys, heart, blood, and spleen. The Ectoderm becomes your nerves and central nervous system, eyes, skin, and hair. A pluripotent stem cell can become any cell type from *one* of these germ layers. Later embryonic stem cells are of this type.[3]Multipotent stem cell - these are more fixed in lineage, but can still become several different cell types. So a hematopoetic stem cell is found in your bone marrow and can become any blood cell type (red blood cells, white blood cells, platelets, etc.). Adult stem cells are of this type.Embryonic stem cells are taken from fertilised embryos (usually at the 4-8 cell stage). The most common source is leftover fertilised eggs after successful IVF treatment. When a fertility clinic fertilises a woman s eggs for IVF treatment, they usually fertilise and implant multiple eggs at once, to maximise the chances of a successful pregnancy. After (hopefully) a succesfuly pregnanacy, they will often have extra fertilised eggs left over: these can either be thrown away, or they could be used for a source of stem cells.Adult stem cells are much harder to find and isolate, and we don t know where all the stem cells are for all the cell types in the adult body (in fact, for some there might not be a stem cell population). So embryonic stem cells are much more appealing for use.However - some locations for different adult stem cells are: bone marrow (which has multiple different stem cell types), and the umbilical cord (which contain the same kind of hematopoetic stem cells as adult bone marrow). Teeth also contain stem cells, as do many other tissues.Stem cells can be *used* to replace defective or missing cells in the adult body. One prime example would be multiple sclerosis - a disease caused by the death of Schwann cells, which provide the myelin sheath that is essential for proper neuron function. If we could obtain stem cells for these Schwann cells, and convince them to differentiate into Schwann cells, we could theoretically replace the Schwann cells in an MS patient and cure the disease (of course, there would be technical difficulties in actually introducing the cells into the patient too). Another example, recently popularised by Christopher Reeve, would be in replacing damaged nerve cells in patients who had suffered a broken spine: the nerve cells in the spine do not regenerate themselves, but if we could replace them, we could treat such injuries.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6285
stem cells are unspecialized cells that are not part of anything yet. once they get the signal , they will become a skin cell, a blood cell, or some other cellstem cells are obtained from embryos, which is why theres an ethical controversy of stem cell researchhowever, you can imagine the possibilities using embryonic stem cells. it has the potential form any type of cell, in theory it could be used to cure anything, like a broken spine, or a damaged lung.stem cells can also be obtained from adult tissue cells, however, these cells mainly act as repair. they cannot be used to form other specialized cells. for example: a skin stem cell will repair the skin when its damaged, but it cannot be used to repair nerve tissue cellsrecently, a scientist in Japan have discovered a technique to use adult stem cells to act like embryonic stem cells. Using this technique, adult stem cells are now able to specialize into any other cell, and thus eliminating the ethical controversy of stem cell research using embryonic stem cells

QUESTION ID: BXAUTQAL4T2TU32
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people think smoking is cool ? It obviously is just killing people and giving them cancer.?
QUESTION CONTENT: Maybe someone that does not care about people and just worried about money is behind your little habit? Did you ever think about that
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 479
I have cancer of the larynx which is normally attribued to smoking but people find it strange when I do not hold cigarette smoking as the culprit behind my problems. I smoked as I enjoyed smoking and not just because it was an addiction. When I got the cancer six years ago, everyone went on about my smoking and thought I was crazy as I went through my entire initial medication - radiation and chemo smoking as usual - 10 to 15 a day. I then gave it up more out a pressure from my family then anything else. I find it strange that everyone feels smoking will lead to cancer. If this were so, I do think cancer would be most wide spread disease in the world. Aids would not come even close. Do look up and browse the net and find me one site that claims they have complete proof that smoking causes cancer. Yes smoking does create problems later in life - such as with your lungs, breathing, stamina, thickening of your arteries etc. but nowhere will you find a statement from any well known medical site that smoking causes cancer.As I said people think I am wierd but that is the truth. I was a smoker so I got cancer - both my brothers and cousins are smokers and they never got it - why? The doctor who treated me attributed my cancer to lifestyle - voice abuse.People use smoking as a excuse for cancer- to put off people from smoking which I feel is a great thing that they are doing as it does do harm and it irritates other people . I am in agreement that smoking should be banned for social reasons but not because it causes cancer. If so ban drinking as well as drinking is also supposed to be a cancer forming addiction.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9600
Smoking coolness derives from social skill enhancement and permission to take it easy while taking a break and similar to alchohol, to protest the status quo.  Ever heard of a smoke break ?  It is more acceptable to society than Lets take a break! .  Much of the smoking habit has been picked up by the cool people in cool circumstances, for instance war....soldiers, servicemen....in and around combat, where they were sometimes drafted into terrible wars and then Uncle Sam, in days gone by, purchased them to calm the nerves.  Cigarette smoking is something you usually do while you communicate. It is a magic wand that you move around at the same time you talk, that you have to be careful with that you don t burn yourself or anyone else while you do it, hence you are seen by others as being capable of handling danger as it were?  And a cigar, well that is more manly...more fire, more danger etc ...of course right into drugs that are smoked also.  Today s society is filled with pressures of change.  For industry workers, there is more and more potential of this dangerand exposure to long term dangers such as toxins and the like, so cigarettes match the mastering of the danger behavior.  A cigarette is a hypnotic device.  When you talk and move it around, especially when you have to try hard to enunciate your words with a side of your mouth, it gives people the impression that you are trying harder than them and that you must really know something more, because of that effort illusion.  Cigarette smoking pushes your body a little harder, puts a load on the respiratory system and the body in general, so that with this load, you are brought from a tolerant sleepy mode, into action, so you are ready to load your body up with the next task, matched effort stream as it were.  In case of a chemical spill that would displace oxygen, regular smokers have been shown to tolerate low oxygen environments because their bodies are used to low oxygen environments and the toxins from the cigarettes.  Cigarettes match the environmental dangers of mining, ship work, general laborer work, high stress office work where there is competition to move up the ladder etc.  Cigarette smoking places you in a denial mode often because people tolerate your bossiness and crankiness if you haven t had a cigarette....it becomes a good excuse for others to give you your way.  Your sense of urgency becomes both an intimidation and a sympathy issue at the same time.  So as you can see, cigarette smoking is cool from the perspective that the illusion of your roller coaster ride on earth in life is enhanced to allow you to appear to be more active, even when you are not, and to place yourself in denial....of the hazards of it and most other things that are hazardous in your life...charging on as it were, makes you a keener thinker under pressure, or at least appearing to because of the magic wand effect and tolerance in the old days of a smokey room environment when the non smokers would choke as it were.  Cigarette smoking links smokers with their adolescent  lifetimes and a rebellious nature that they are attempting to control because that is when most of them picked up that habit, either then or in the military, so it makes them feel young.  So when you think of all these advantages and how smokers mix so well in their breaks and parties with other smokers and how they begin to drink alchohol and smoke  and eventually use drugs too challenging even more their stability and their bodies while doing their life s work, they are cool.  They have more things under control than non smokers, or at least they appear too, and all they have to do is belong to some social organizations that have many people doing this and they have the perfect reason to push around those that don t smoke and do all the work and just stay in denial that they do this and point the finger at those that don t and say .... you have freedom of choice hanging on to a few tenants of their organizational belief system, talking out of the side of their mouths and justifying their successes for the rest of the illusion of the rest of their lives!  It is a great habit wouldn t you say?  Only thing that can stop this is the military and insurance companies.  But will they?  I mean it does make your life to appear easier, til later on, right?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12928
What smoking does to the body is give the brain a boost, so thats why people think its cool! However when it wears off it causes fatigue and depression so the person is quick to smoke another cigarette so as to avoid this feeling.The nicotine that s present in cigarette s is one of the most addictive drugs known to medicine. What it does is cause the nervous system to release adrenaline in the blood. This adrenaline increases heart rate,c onstricting blood vessels and prromotes heart attacks.Tar, which is also a component in cigarettes thichkens the epithelium of the bronchioles that spreads throughout the lungs by causing rapid cell division, it is thi rapid cell division that causes lung cancer.I think people just dont care anymore, they look at things and say-oh, well i m gona die anyway. However i think if we are able to rub  it into their faces everyday...they ll probably give a damn!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37032
If they don t care that they re slowly dying then why do you?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37033
I asked a similar question a while ago and got some human rights type answers.  People think they have the right to kill themselves and pollute the environment for everyone else.  I guess they re just stupid.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37034
Most long term smokers do not think it s cool.  They are addicted and they don t care about impressing people.  Kids think it s cool to take risks.  It s the same reason they drink, try drugs, speed and don t wear seat belts.  Unfortunately, not caring is cool .  I have known a number of younger people who still think it s cool to smoke even though they are addicted.  They seem to think it shows the world how extra stressful their life is.  Like they ve got it so much worse than everyone else so they need to smoke.  It s similar to when people (mostly kids)  brag about being alcoholics or try to out do each other with depression/suicide stories.  It shows how hardcore they are.

QUESTION ID: BXJNWCG5DWR2MOB
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does the world waste so much money on space exploration, and mars rovers???
QUESTION CONTENT: I just think it is such a waste with millions of people in the world starving and homeless, or without clothing or meds. Dont you think we could use the money helping with these things instead?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14418
1.It makes us know the time, date, and season.2. An asteroid maybe on it s way to earth and we don t have enough time to drop a nuclear bomb on it.3. About Mars, there might be aliens.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17396
It is a sad state of affairs the way starving people don t get enough help but I have read so much about how donated money is misused it s to make one weep.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44256
A lot of people feel as you do.I think it s a mistake.There s no guarantee that money would be spent on the poor or starving.Besides History has taught us throwing money at these things,does not really help at all.Plus do you like cell phones,cable TV,GPS? all of it the fruits of the Space program.In addition many medicines have been developed in space.A broader look at the Space Program is a good idea for everyone.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44257
I do agree with you, but also put my hand up for science.Nothing should ever stand in our way when it comes to learning.Many people don t agree with me, but I think that the money put into exploring space will be rewarded for human beings one day. In many many years from now, people will be able to live in space and create a whole new planet that humans can actually live on. How? I don t know, but did people just one hundred years ago imagine that an American would be able to talk to an Australian and send him letters instantly through the net, I really don t think so.So back to your question: I think there should be a good balance between spending money on learning (and exploring space comes under that), and between helping the needy people. I also don t think that money should be clustered in some rich celebrity s account waiting to be spent on a plastic surgery or house number ten. I don t mean to go and take those people s money and for them to spend it on needy ones - but to create a balance.Now how, that s another question! Interesting, huh?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44258
I agree with you, we shouldn t be wasting money on any space exploration when we ve got starving, homeless people in the world.  In fact, we should stop wasting money on movies, music, sports, because they don t do anything for the starving, homeless people (well, but we do have Bono).  Let s also stop wasting money on celebrities, Harry Potter books, yachts, because the money going to them could have fed and housed so many people around the world.  As a matter of fact, we can stop wasting money on most of the churches and what they spend for televised shows, because, really, only a tiny fraction of it is going anywhere near the people they are claiming to help.  And unless you plan on a career in helping the starving, homeless people in the world, we should not waste money in your college education. What s the point?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44259
You are under the misguided impression that the saved money would be spent on starving and homeless people.  We already have the means to feed and house everyone on earth.  We have chosen not to, because it helps us make even more money.We have excess food stocks that we prefer to destroy in order to maintain the high prices needed for our system to be profitable.  As for the meds, we all know that we, ourselves, are so greedy that if we gave meds away to the poor, we would find a way to bribe them into selling them back to us at a price lower than the companies charge us.  Because we are greedy.The money used for space exploration does not come from a feed the poor budget.  It comes from a combination of defense and scientific research budgets, and it is a very small percentage of the money we use to build new weapons to protect ourselves from the rest of the world.  So, any money saved from space exploration will simply return to defense.Personally, I believe that the money spent on exploration is less wasted than when it is spent on the next generation of nuclear weapons.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44260
Damnit! I m so sick of hearing this argument, especially from people who aren t doing THEIR part!  You ve obviosly got a computer, eh?  Why did you buy it instead of helping the homeless?  Why do you have any of the luxury things you own when so many in this world are starving??  How much have you contributed to the poor this week?  This government spent $4 billion on welfare JUST THIS WEEK!  And you want to piss and moan about the 1 or 2% that goes toward scientific research that is constantly adding to the quality of your life, whether you know it or not?So what s thedeal?  As long as their s one hungry person in the world, not a dime goes toward advancing the knowledge of humanity, even though this world is already so much better for it?  Tell me that after you ve given away everything to the poor except one change of clothes and a tent.In 2005, total federal revenue for the US was about $2 trillion.  Of that, $25 billion went to funding for science research and space exploration - sounds like a lot, huh? About 1%?  A bit more ($5 billion more) went to food stamps.  About twice as much more, $50 billion, went toward Iraq operations.  About 8 times as much went toward criminal justice, prosecuting and incarcerating  people who think they they have a right to take your life or property for themselves. 12 times as much, $300 billion went to Medicare, to make up for those who don t have enough of their own health insurance.  And 20 times as much went to defense, to protect your sorry whining azz from all the fuggin psychos busting their azzes to nuke New York, DC, and L.A.  Sorry for sounding like a rant, but the fact is, I think there would be LESS people starving and homeless right now if in the last 20 years, our government had spent just a couple percent more on advancing science and medicine for EVERYONE S benefit and shaved a bit off of defense and welfare rather than caving in to the ill-informed and short-sighted attitude that you are projecting..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44261
The amount of money the entire world spends on space exploration in a year is much less than the world spends on war in a single day. If your re going to cut back on something, why not cut back on something that kills people, rather than on something which excites and inspires them?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44262
Yeah, because if we cut NASA s budget, all the excess would go straight to charities, and not to the military budget at all.Get a clue - all of that money is spent here on Earth, in our economy.  NASA is the BEST investment the US gov t has ever made in our economy, our education, and our future.If you want to give more money to charities, go after the war budget instead - it s in the trillions, unlike NASA s budget of a measley 17 billion.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44263
The world is NOT wasting huge amounts of money on space. We ARE wasting huge amounts of money on war. The costof space exploration is insignificant by comparison while its value for humanity is enormous. Do you have any idea how  byproducts of space exploration, like solar power and cheap computers, have improved the lives of the very poor you speak of? What benefits for humanity has that little chindig in Iraq yielded? Or maybe you think weapons of mass destruction are a better investment since it would be so much easier to just kill all the poor and starving. Problem solved, right? If all americans would get off their fat asses and exercise for just 30 minutes per day it would save the US health care system several NASA budgets every year in reduced obesity related illnesses...

QUESTION ID: BYL73TIA0XZHOOJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I stop excessive worrying?
QUESTION CONTENT: In short, used to be on Prozac for an eating disorder. Whilst on it, I stopped worrying so much and a brief talk with another doctor revealed that my worrying could be part of an underlying mental condition rather than just worrying . However, I fell out with my old doctor over treatment (and don t have the other doctors contact details) and am not comfortable going back there. However, worrying is now excessive and is interfering with my daily life (like being near tears over the smallest thing, being late for things because I have to go check the door is locked 200 times, panicing so much I m exhausted all the time etc.). I can t carry on like this but not sure where to start looking for help. I would quite like to go back on Prozac but mum and boyfriend aren t keen for me to do this. New doctor? Private therapist? Self help book? Any personal experiences and recommendations welcomed! Thank you!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72676
Hi, I also have an eating disorder and anxiety /depression issues. My worring takes on the form of worring about the end of the world- no literally the end of the world. Its like Ia get very scared and suddenly I am sure that there will be a nuclear war or some other catasrophy and I get terrifed.I am taking anti depressants (seroxat) and they help me alot. The do not take away the problem they reduce its stregnth and I can fight it a bit better.Interms of my eating disorder, I have had to get my weight up, to a healthy level (body mass index of 20 no less), I used to be very anorexic, very tiny (hospital tiny) but I want to feel better. This is not the same as wanting to gain weight, I dont want to gain weight and still want to be tiny. But I want a life more than I want to be tiny. I am still working on the tiny stuiff with a therapist.I found that in each of my 3 relapses to a skinny weight, I found my emotions got harder to dewal with, not the panic and worrying, that stayed the same. but the sensitivity, the feeling that I was the odd one out, that everyone hated me, that I was about to burst into tears at the smallest thing... Bringing up my weight helped me to be stronger with the sensitivity- and stacks of other stuff aswell, like not feeling so so low all the time, I feel slightly happier, and the ability to talk to people on a emotional level, that just was so so vague before, its like I lacked the ability to have fast thoughts, I would hear what someone said and then it would either pass over me or I would feel what I wanted to say, but couldnt put it into words.I have been in treatment for both my ED and my depression/anxiety for 8 years now. I have relapsed from a healthy weight back down to a skinny weight three times now, each time the skinny side and the emotional problems which come with it are the same. Please get your weight up before you even consider vernturing into what I suggest next.I see a psychotherapist once a week, I work on why I am how I am (depression/anxiety) and work in what purpose it serves me -we all do stuff for a reason even if we dont know that reason. I feel this helps me massively with my depression and anxiey, it gives me hope that my life wont always feel like this and it can get better!I would also recommend while you get your weight up or normalise your food pattern or eat healthily-whatever the case may be, that you seek not just dietitions advice but therapy for your eating disorder, and when your done with that, then go and work on your depression more as oppose to just your food. One battle at a time mate!I would also advise a new doctor, and although drugs are not a cure in anyway shapre or form, they can make the therapy more bearable and thus you able to participate and improve. If your nearest and dearest dont agree well thats thier problem, its you that has to wake up in your body, not them, They are entitled to thier own opinions but not entitled to control your life or your chance at emotional and mental good health.In terms of a doctor? yes find a new one! you can find out your nearset via the nhs website and if there are none availible, call or contact the general medical council (GMC) who will sort you out with a new one. Even if you think no one will take you on, these people can make it happen!When you see your new doctor (who you can ask for prozac from) he/she will also be able to refer you to a mental health team/ specialist centre for your eating disorder, this needs to be dealt with before you try your hand at your anxiety (or worrying as you have put it). All this should be availible free to you as an NHS patient.I found that to deal with the depression and anxiety I have, I had to go privatly. I am not loaded, I do not have a cash fund and I am in debt! I am able to see someone who offers fees on a sliding scale, I have arranged to pay what I can afford. There are many places and therapists who work like this. They are all found via the bacp who moniters all good psychiatric and councelling serices in the UK.But check out what type of therapy your looking for first: if its short term this is on the nhs alot, if its CBT this is on the nhs alot, buit if its longer term (over 16 weeks) and you want to try psychoanalytic or psychotherapy, you ll be hard pushed to find it and really its better to go privately.But first, try to ignore your family if they disagree withyou needing to take prozac, no its not an end solution but it is some type of method to get you through. Your boyfr/motyher prob know very little about how you realy feel.Also try the b-eat website, (www.b-eat.co.uk) who have an excellent message board (go to help and support on the left hand list, then to self help then to message boards ) there are many of us in your situation, its not something you shoulf have to face alone if you dont want to!good luck mate (from jennie)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63720
You make it clear that you would rather do with out drugs and stop the ocd but as daft as it seems you carnt medicate your self keeping away from prozac is a good thing it causes complicactions that can not be reversed later. know what you are doing and stop yourself .use your memory to help you .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63721
You sound a little OCD - you could find another doctor.  You are the one who is going through this not your mom and there are other medications besides Prozac that might help you.  Since thisis affecting your everyday life - I would definitely see a doctor.  Best of Luck!!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63722
I am a worryguts as well, it is not any sort of psychiatric condition, it is me. I feel a lot better since I accepted this, I still worry, but not about the fact that my worrying is abnormal. You sound to be under a lot of stress, that is the thing to tackle, not the actual anxiety. The first answer is half way right, a bit of spliff will work wonders, a phuck sight better than Prozac any day. All I can say (it does sound trite I know) is that you should find a bit of beauty in your life, give yourself a goodie at least every other day, by that I mean that you should cultivate and nurture something nice in your life. Be gentle with yourself, centre and ground your spirit. Love, Light and Peace.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63723
don t worry about it

QUESTION ID: BZL5KV3IQB4TOAO
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is 1 molar aqueous solution more concentrated than 1 molal solution?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4910
This is most true when water isn t the solvent, but true for water too.  In molarity, you dissolve 1 mole of a chemical in 1 liter of water, in molality you dissolve 1 mole in one kilogram of water.  With water, 1L=1kilograms of water at 4Celsius,  but as it warms up one kilogram takes up more room (its density decreases).  So, to make a solution at 28Celsius in a lab, to use one kilogram and not 1 liter, you re using more molecules of water thus diluting the same amount of solute more.So, a 1M solution would be 1mole of anything in 1 liter of water, preferrably an analytical flask, the water would have less mass then 1kg.A 1 molal solution would be 1 mole of anything in 1 kilogram of water.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63835
A 1-M (molar) solution contains one mole of substance dissolved in one liter of solution (solute + solvent -- let s say water.)A 1-molal solution contains one mole of substance dissolved in one kilogram of solvent (let s say water.) One kilogram one water occupies one liter of space (density of water 1g/mL, so 1kg/L.) Since in the 1-M solution, the liter it s dissolved in includes water and the substance, there must be less than one kilogram of water: the one mole of substance weighs something.1-M has less than 1 kg H2O, 1-m has exactly 1kg H2O, so 1-M is more concentrated (though not much more...)

QUESTION ID: BZRWSXPK4JDDWD6
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many working satellites are in orbit right now.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88325
There are over 1587 working satellites orbitingEarth.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22783
The United States has 413 satellites in space snooping for the government, checking on the weather and relaying the latest pop music, a new database says. That s more than the 382 the rest of the world has spinning above the Earth.The inventory, developed by the Union of Concerned Scientists and released Wednesday, provides details on some of the Pentagon s most secret satellites, which may gather images in the dark or take high-resolution pictures from 12,000 miles away.``Until now, the general public didn t have easy access to information about all active satellites,  said Dr. Laura Grego, a Cambridge astrophysicist who was on a team that spent several years compiling information on the nearly 800 active satellites. ``No one owns space, so everyone has a right to know what s up there.  The material was gleaned from corporations, academics, governments and satellite watchers who as a hobby spend their nights watching the skies for flickers of light.The group s inventory lists 21 different details on satellites with missions ranging from weather forecasting to transmitting music and news for companies like Sirius Satellite Radio. Perhaps most controversially, the repository includes what s known about top-secret spy satellites run by the U.S. and other governments.With 413, the United States far exceeds other nations in numbers of satellites, often used for communications. The Russians, who follow the U.S. in total number, have 87. The Chinese have 34. The numbers are approximations that may vary depending on how joint ventures are counted.Facts and figures on unclassified satellites were publicly available from the U.S. government until recently. For national security reasons, individuals now must request an account from the Air Force to access the information, and may redistribute any of the information only with permission from the Defense Department.The Union of Concerned Scientists opposes space-based weapons and destructive weapons that target satellites, even from the ground. It made the data public to start a dialogue about the best use of space.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22784
ESA s European Space Operations Centre (ESOC) in Darmstadt, Germany, tracks space litter. It estimates that over 23,000 objects larger than 10 centimeters have been launched from Earth. Of these, about 7500 are still orbiting - only a very small proportion of them (6%) is operational. Half of all the objects are inoperable satellites, spent rocket stages, or other large space litter; the remaining 44% is debris from explosions and accidents in space. To make things worse, there are an estimated 70 000 to 120 000 fragments smaller than 1 centimetre and the amount of space debris increases by about 5% every year.

QUESTION ID: BZUPHET8ZG8LTTL
QUESTION SUBJECT: how was the pythagorean thereom developed?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79895
im not sure how but im pretty sure his name was pythagoris or somethin like that.probably the same way all the other ways of math were formed, by testing what worked
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79896
...by the Pythagorean mathematikoi secret society, followers of Pythagoreas, somewhere in the Aegean, or in Southern Italy, circa 550-450 BCE.Pythagoreans believed that number was the principle means by which one was to understand the cosmos, and that Harmony (harmonia), or the way in which or the method by which things fit together (mathematically in terms of ratios, for example), was the means by which the universe comes to be knowable.Since the pythagoreans were secretive (and often killed and generally persecuted), though I m not really aware of whether or not this is actually the case, I imagine we don t know exactly how it was that they came up with the theorem.  Also, because Pythagoreans were a society of followers, most of the philosophies and mathematical inventions to come out of the school were attributed directly to Pythagoras, so it may or may not have been Pythagoras who actually worked the theorem, though it is said to be Pythagoras theorem.  The mathematical secrets of the society were guarded and not generally disseminated in the time of Pythagoras, or even of most of his followers.  The earliest pythagorean, supposedly, to leave a book was Philalaus, who was born after Pythagoras death.We also get the first classical (Greek, or Western) account of/for the transmigration of the soul (reincarnation) from Pythagoras. This is, of course, to say that the foundations of mathematical principles have been thoroughly historicized, and thus it is so that math simply appears, and more interestingly, appears true. I would like to note also, that there is a sense that since the origins of such theorems as the Pythagorean Theorum are murky at best, utterly historicized, and obscure, there ceases to be a before the theorem; rather, it is that the theorem always was, or arises as an already arisen. 

QUESTION ID: C1CO8WHTCWXR8UU
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long can someone live after finding out they have malignant melanoma Cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 40999
There are many factors that effect survival. Much depends upon the age. overall health of the patient, and the patients response to treatment. No one really knows how long someone has to live. Statistics can not tell how long one individual with the disease with live. At the best, you would receive a guess. Instead of concentrating on how long someone has to live, you should read and reseach treatment options. There is always hope no matter what stage or grade the tumor turns out to be.The National Cancer Institute provides resources and information about skin cancer:http://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/types/melanomaYou can also read more at the following websites:Melanoma Research Foundationhttp://www.melanoma.org/Skin Cancer Foundationhttp://www.skincancer.orgMedLine Plus: Melanomahttp://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/melanoma.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41000
Panda and I come from opposite sides of the track when it comes to cancer treatment--I hold the alternative medicine view, which states that a person can heal from cancer on a regular basis. There are foreign clinics that offer treatment protocols that are not available here in the U.S. Five hundred years ago, people said the world was flat. Today, people say that if the FDA and AMA haven t blessed something, it can t be real good. Well, here s something I know to be real AND good. It s a little different take on cancer treatment--In 1990, I had Hodgkin s Lymphoma, stage 3-B, but I ve survived. My doctors were great people, but they were limited to surgery, chemo and radiation by profitable AMA treatment policy. During the year in treatment, I started learningabout alternative medicine. I m a retired engineer, and this is what I ve pieced together--our IMMUNE SYSTEMS become weakened by poor nutrition, lack of exercise and reduced oxygen. Once that happens, our body becomes vulnerable to common STRESSORS. Stressors can be environmental, like viruses, heavy metals, pesticides, food additives, electromagnetic waves or pollution. They can be internal things like emotional or job stress, or poisonous people in our lives. Aging is also a contributing factor. So this means:               WEAK IMMUNE SYSTEM  +  STRESSORS  =  DISEASE  (cancer, diabetes, heart disease, etc.) Our bodies have 60 trillion--yes, trillion--cells, and there are always some mutating into cancer cells, but a healthy immune system kills them before they have a chance to get a foothold in the body. It takes a LONG time, usually, or a high level of stressors, to weaken the immune system to the point where it won t do its job, but once cancer has formed, it will generally spread rapidly.THIS IS IMPORTANT! There are ways to BEAT cancer that are currently being used in Europe and around the world, and there are some great books on the subject. I know because I ve read about 50 of them  from cover to cover. Here s a list of the best ones. Some are out of print and  getting hard to find-- The Cure for All Cancers , ISBN 0963632825 The Cure for All Advanced Cancers , ISBN 1890035165 A Cancer Therapy , ISBN 0882681052 Oxygen Therapies , ISBN 0962052701 Hydrogen Peroxide--Medical Miracle , ISBN 1885236077 The Natural Cure for Cancer--Germanium , ISBN 0533071410 Killing Cancer , ISBN 0705000966 Natural Cures They Don t Want You to Know About , ISBN 0975599518I know of people whose cancer has spontaneously remitted (WENT AWAY for no known reason) AFTER they went on programs of herbs and nutrition to restart their immune systems. You and your family must look out for yourselves to stand a chance of being healthy. This is not a joke, and I m not selling anything--just trying to help.  I am using the things I learned in those books right now to fight off a second infestation of cancer. I ve been at it for over a year now, and think I m going to make it. Use what works for you, and pass on your success. Best of luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86134
if treated promptly and correctly, they can live for years more, they can be cured of the cancer.

QUESTION ID: C23LFFCINYGCRRR
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does someone contract cervical cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 30802
They are saying now that cervical cancer is caused by the HPA (Human Papiloma Virus) it s an STD I believe.I might be wrong about that part.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70989
HPV 16 is the one that causes cervical cancer.  You might have the virus and not get cancer, but you don t contract it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82878
There are different ways to contract it sometimes it is just genetics but, sometimes you can contact it though a STD called HPV. HPV usually goes way by itself however, sometimes it stays and some women just end up with cervical cancer because of the STD.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82879
Cervical Cancer is not something you can contract from someone else.  You can contrat HPV which can lead to Cervical Cancer.  HPV is contract through sexual intercourse. It is a virus.  I have pasted some information below about Cervical Cancer. I hope that you find it of some help. Take Care&Good luck to you! ~A risk factor is anything that increases a person s chance of developing a disease, including cancer. There are risk factors that can be controlled, such as smoking, and risk factors that cannot be controlled, such as age and family history. Although risk factors can influence disease, they do not cause cancer. Some people with several risk factors never develop the disease, while others with no known risk factors do. Knowing your risk factors and communicating with your doctor can help guide you in making wise lifestyle and health-care choices.The following factors can raise a person s risk of developing cervical cancer:Human papillomavirus (HPV) infection. The most important risk factor for cervical cancer is infection with HPV. HPV is passed from one person to another during sexual intercourse. Factors that raise the risk of being infected with HPV include becoming sexually active at an early age, having many sexual partners (or having sex with a man who has had many partners), and having sex with a man who has penile warts.Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. Infection with HIV, the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS), is also a risk factor for cervical cancer. When a woman is infected with HIV, her immune system is less able to fight off early cancers. Women whose immune systems have been suppressed by corticosteroid medications, kidney transplantations, or therapy for other cancers or AIDS are also at greater risk.Herpes. Women who have genital herpes are at greater risk for developing cervical cancer.Smoking. Women who smoke are about twiceas likely to develop cervical cancer as women who do not smoke.Age. Girls younger than 15 rarely develop cervical cancer. The risk goes up between the late teens and mid-30s. Women over 40 remain at risk and need to continue having regular Pap tests.Race. Cervical cancer is more common among blacks, Hispanics, and American Indians.Exposure to diethylstilbestrol (DES). Women whose mothers were given this drug during pregnancy to prevent miscarriage are also at increased risk for cervical cancer. DES was given for this purpose from about 1940 to 1970.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82880
I work with a Oncologist who told me people with cervical cancer have the same common background. Promiscuity is the major cause of cervical cancer;Genital warts play a big part in cervical cancerFYI:  2 women married to the same man 10 yrs apart both developed a really aggressive cervical cancer and 1 of them died from it.  The man was probably infected with warts or some other virus.  I know if a man is promiscuous he increases the likelihood his wife or girlfriend will have cervical cancer.

QUESTION ID: C2WB6IU2VGVE5K2
QUESTION SUBJECT: why does a person who has leukemia bleed through there nose and mouth?
QUESTION CONTENT: my friend has luekemia shes been in and out of the hospital know she recently went back in and when i went to go see her she started bleeding from her nose and mouth what causes this bleeding is she going to die or something is scary and i dont know what to think also she gets very fat from her stomach and feet swollen what causes that ...
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 9532
sick glad not my friend not the person ill you nob
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57429
Google it! That s what I m about to do.Any of various acute or chronic neoplastic diseases of the bone marrow in which unrestrained proliferation of white blood cells occurs, usually accompanied by anemia, impaired blood cloting, and enlargement of the lymph nodes, liver, and spleen.FORMS OF OCCURENCY Leukemia can occur in either of two forms: ACUTE In this form the disease progresses rapidly. Life expectancy is short without treatment ( a few weeks to a few months). But drugs and/or bone marrow transplants have extended life expectancy for children with acute leukemia and cured about 72%. Acute leukemia is most often seen in children, though it can occur at any age.  Accounts for about 1/2 of leukemia cases. CHRONIC In this form the disease progresses slowly.  Will proper treatment, life expectancy is 3 to 20 years or more from onset of illness. Chronic leukemia occurs most often in adults, but can occur at any age.  Accounts for about 1/2 of leukemia cases. Blood forming tissue - Normally these tissues produce red cells, several kinds of white cells and platelets. In leukemia, abnormal white cells invade the blood-forming tissues, especially the bone marrow, and disrupt normal production of blood cells. as result, swelling occurs in lymph nodes, spleen, liver and kidneys. WHAT ARE THE SYMPTOMS OF LEUKEMIA? ANEMIA WEAKNESS CHRONIC FATIGUE HIGH FEVER BLEEDING BRUISING RECURRENT INFECTION PAIN SWELLING
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57430
Ok number one ask her she will know she probably wants to talk to someone about it anyway. So of she has a sympathetic ear then you guys can learn about it together and share each others problems and fears about all things and be better freinds for it. To answer your question leukemia is a cancer of the blood, so she probably had a nose bleed after a very long treatment sesion. Hope this helps.

QUESTION ID: C3U4LQ6IF6MV47W
QUESTION SUBJECT: why does chemotherapy have the strongest side effects on the skin and lining of the digestive tract?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38499
Anti-cancer drugs are designed specifically to stop cancer cells from dividing and rapidly growing. Cancer cells were once normal cells. The majority of normal cells within the body do not grow once an organ like the lung, breasts, skin, kidneys, liver, colon, stomach, etc are complete. Those normal cells have a mechanism within them that stops all further growth. Cancer cells for some reason are triggered to start growing. The cancer cells divide and grow rapidly forming a tumor or many tumors. If the cancer cells are not stopped they will continue to grow and spred rapidly. So, chemotherapy is given with the direct purpose to stop the cancer cells from growing and dividing. There are some cells within the body that do normally grow, these are the cells in the digestive track, the reproductive system, blood cells in the bone marrow, and hair follicles. Chemo drugs cannot tell the difference between the cells that grow normally and the cancer cells. So, often the side effects of a particular chemo drug can upset the normal cells of these particular areas of the body. The result is that hair follicles are damaged and the result is that hair will fall out. Or during chemo the digestive tract will become upset causing the patient to feel nauseos or vomit. Or affect the blood counts causing fatigue or neutropenia. In the case of the reproductive system, the chemo can cause infertility.All of these side effects are primarily temporary and there are medications to help with the nausea and neutropenia. When the patient stops taking chemo (after the cancer has been killed or removed) the normal cells will regenerate.The discomfort of side effects is a small price to pay if chemotherapy stops cancer from growing, spredding, and killing you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85377
Well, many chemotherapeutic meds are drugs that interfere with cell division, so they attack fast dividing cells (and many, but not all cancers, grow and divide much faster than the normal cells in the body) so they will hit the tumor harder than your body (but they re toxic to everything).  Because that s the case, they will be most toxic to the cells in your body that divide the fastest, which are things like skin, hair, and the lining of your intestines.This is not true of all chemotherapeutic agents, but it is for many.

QUESTION ID: C50V1FY3R8NXOBC
QUESTION SUBJECT: what actually is the tennis elbow injury? how does it occur?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 25569
Causes and risk factorsPlaying tennis three times in a week when you haven t played for some time is the sort of overuse that could cause tennis elbow. It is especially likely if you have a poor backhand technique or use a racquet with a grip that is too largeBut most people who develop tennis elbow have not been playing tennis. A range of different activities that involve repeated hand, wrist or forearm movements can be to blame. These might include:using scissors or shears gardening sports that involve lots of throwing swimming golf (golfers also get golfers elbow, which affects the inside of the arm) manual occupations that involve repetitive turning or lifting the wrist, such as plumbing or bricklayingWeakness and inflexibility in the forearm muscles makes tennis elbow more likely.Some people seem to be at increased risk of tendon injury. They may also have trouble with the tendons in the shoulder and the wrist (carpal tunnel syndrome).SymptomsTennis elbow usually affects the arm of your dominant hand (right arm if you are right-handed).The symptoms usually develop gradually. The main symptom is pain and tenderness in the outside of the elbow and sometimes in the muscles on top of the forearm. The pain may go away after a day or so. But if the activity that triggered the pain is repeated soon after, the pain is likely to come back and may become progressively worse as the tendon damage builds up.The pain may become constant, and even interrupt your sleep. Other symptoms include morning stiffness of the arm and pain on turning door handles or shaking hands. As the body tries to compensate for the weakness in the elbow, you may also get pain or stiffness in other parts of the affected arm, the shoulder or neck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10338
While playing Tennis if you got any injury in your wlbow that is Tennis elbow injury

QUESTION ID: C67DCB3JS1E08P3
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69090
this question has been asked 111 times!!!the last answer was:The first steps towards correctly explaining the colour of the sky were taken by John Tyndall in 1859. He discovered that when light passes through a clear fluid holding small particles in suspension, the shorter blue wavelengths are scattered more strongly than the red. This can be demonstrated by shining a beam of white light through a tank of water with a little milk or soap mixed in. From the side, the beam can be seen by the blue light it scatters; but the light seen directly from the end is reddened after it has passed through the tank. The scattered light can also be shown to be polarised using a filter of polarised light, just as the sky appears a deeper blue through polaroid sun glasses.This is most correctly called the Tyndall effect, but it is more commonly known to physicists as Rayleigh scattering--after Lord Rayleigh, who studied it in more detail a few years later. He showed that the amount of light scattered is inversely proportional to the fourth power of wavelength for sufficiently small particles. It follows that blue light is scattered more than red light by a factor of (700/400)4 ~= 10.Dust or Molecules?Tyndall and Rayleigh thought that the blue colour of the sky must be due to small particles of dust and droplets of water vapour in the atmosphere. Even today, people sometimes incorrectly say that this is the case. Later scientists realised that if this were true, there would be more variation of sky colour with humidity or haze conditions than was actually observed, so they supposed correctly that the molecules of oxygen and nitrogen in the air are sufficient to account for the scattering. The case was finally settled by Einstein in 1911, who calculated the detailed formula for the scattering of light from molecules; and this was found to be in agreement with experiment. He was even able to use the calculation as a further verification of Avogadro s number when compared with observation. The molecules are able to scatter light because the electromagnetic field of the light waves induces electric dipole moments in the molecules.Why not violet?If shorter wavelengths are scattered most strongly, then there is a puzzle as to why the sky does not appear violet, the colour with the shortest visible wavelength. The spectrum of light emission from the sun is not constant at all wavelengths, and additionally is absorbed by the high atmosphere, so there is less violet in the light. Our eyes are also less sensitive to violet. That s part of the answer; yet a rainbow shows that there remains a significant amount of visible light coloured indigo and violet beyond the blue. The rest of the answer to this puzzle lies in the way our vision works. We have three types of colour receptors, or cones, in our retina. They are called red, blue and green because they respond most strongly to light at those wavelengths. As they are stimulated in different proportions, our visual system constructs the colours we see.Response curves for the three types of cone in the human eyeWhen we look up at the sky, the red cones respond to the small amount of scattered red light, but also less strongly to orange and yellow wavelengths. The green cones respond to yellow and the more strongly-scattered green and green-blue wavelengths. The blue cones are stimulated by colours near blue wavelengths which are very strongly scattered. If there were no indigo and violet in the spectrum, the sky would appear blue with a slight green tinge. However, the most strongly scattered indigo and violet wavelengths stimulate the red cones slightly as well as the blue, which is why these colours appear blue with an added red tinge. The net effect is that the red and green cones are stimulated about equally by the light from the sky, while the blue is stimulated more strongly. This combination accounts for the pale sky blue colour. It may not be a coincidence that our vision is adjusted to see the sky as a pure hue. We have evolved to fit in with our environment; and the ability to separate natural colours most clearly is probably a survival advantage.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23333
It s the reflection of the ocean.  Actually, I don t know, but it sounds good.

QUESTION ID: C7H81P2LBUTJGO3
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are wedding rings worn on the left hand?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73311
 Before medical science discovered how the circulatory system functioned, people believed that a vein of blood ran directly from the fourth finger on the left hand to the heart. (This belief allegedly dates to the 3rd century BC in Greece.) Because of the hand-heart connection, people named the putative vein descriptively vena amori, Latin for the vein of love . Due to this tradition, it became accepted to wear the wedding ring on this finger. By wearing rings on the fourth finger of their left hands, a married couple symbolically declares their eternal love for each other. This has now become a matter of tradition and etiquette.In most Western cultures, the wedding ring is worn on the left hand. In some countries, however, such as Germany, Norway, and Chile, it is worn on the right hand. Orthodox Christians, Eastern Europeans and Jews also traditionally wear the wedding band on the right hand.Etiquette frowns severely on the making of sexual overtures to a man or woman wearing a wedding ring. For wedding invitations, be sure to check out http://announcements.com They have a huge selection, and usually ship within 2 business days.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13424
Place a wedding ring on the ring finger of your left hand. Tradition says a vein from this finger runs directly to the heart, putting a ring worn here closer to the heart than a ring worn on any other finger.

QUESTION ID: C8UUS8GMN6TXA0R
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can i pray&live effectivly? How can we live a whole life ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75573
Jesus paid the penalty for our sins.  Pray to Him that you need Him to live a good life.  He said to be holy and that no one will enter the Kingdom of God unless you are born again. That comes through faith in Jesus Christ. Pray to Him (GOD) from your heart and He will answer you. Be like a child when you pray.  Humble. After all you will be talking to God Almighty.  He will send His Holy Spirit to help you in the way of the Lord.  We are on this planet to have a relationship with the Creator God. For God so loved the world that He gave his only begotten Son that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life. For God did not come into the world to condemn the world..but to save it John 3:16 and 17     Read about Jesus and the life He hopes you will have in Him.  Purchase The Living Bible at a Christian Bookstore.  God is waiting for you to come to Him.  In Him you can have fullness of life. Seek the Lord while He may be found Call out to Jesus NOW. He died and rose again for you to have eternal life. God bless you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48529
What an amazing question.  To pray effectively first comes with intention .  Supplication is not sincere prayer ... to live a Whole Life is to live a balanced life.  Read the quotations of Dalai Lama ... and enter into the Yahoo search engine lessons for living and follow them ... You are a true inspiration for being one person who wants to change the world by changing yourself first ... Bravo and kudos to you .... :-)And one word to sum it all up ... BALANCE

QUESTION ID: CAKABDFODKSK8QX
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many grievances against the British king were named in the American Declaration of Independence?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14902
27 works
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52615
27 - works for me ;)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52616
Here is a link. Why don t you count the ways.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52617
18 by my counting. A further 9 are sub clauses/qualifications to the 13th. grievance.He has refused his Assent to Laws, the most wholesome and necessary for the public good. He has forbidden his Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing importance, unless suspended in their operation till his Assent should be obtained; and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend to them. He has refused to pass other Laws for the accommodation of large districts of people, unless those people would relinquish the right of Representation in the Legislature, a right inestimable to them and formidable to tyrants only. He has called together legislative bodies at places unusual, uncomfortable, and distant from the depository of their public Records, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with his measures. He has dissolved Representative Houses repeatedly, for opposing with manly firmness his invasions on the rights of the people. He has refused for a long time, after such dissolutions, to cause others to be elected; whereby the Legislative powers, incapable of Annihilation, have returned to the People at large for their exercise; the State remaining in the mean time exposed to all the dangers of invasion from without, and convulsions within. He has endeavoured to prevent the population of these States; for that purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners; refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither, and raising the conditions of new Appropriations of Lands. He has obstructed the Administration of Justice, by refusing his Assent to Laws for establishing Judiciary powers. He has made Judges dependent on his Will alone, for the tenure of their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries. He has erected a multitude of New Offices, and sent hither swarms of Officers to harass our people, and eat outtheir substance. He has kept among us, in times of peace, Standing Armies without the consent of our legislatures. He has affected to render the Military independent of and superior to the Civil power. He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our constitution and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his Assent to their Acts of pretended Legislation: For Quartering large bodies of armed troops among us: For protecting them, by a mock Trial, from punishment for any Murders which they should commit on the Inhabitants of these States: For cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world: For imposing Taxes on us without our Consent: For depriving us, in many cases, of the benefits of Trial by Jury: For transporting us beyond Seas to be tried for pretended offences: For abolishing the free System of English Laws in a neighbouring Province, establishing therein an Arbitrary government, and enlarging its Boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit instrument for introducing the same absolute rule into these Colonies: For taking away our Charters, abolishing our most valuable Laws, and altering fundamentally the Forms of our Governments: For suspending our own Legislatures, and declaring themselves invested with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever. He has abdicated Government here, by declaring us out of his Protection and waging War against us. He has plundered our seas, ravaged our Coasts, burnt our towns, and destroyed the lives of our people. He is at this time transporting large Armies of foreign Mercenaries to compleat the works of death, desolation and tyranny, already begun with circumstances of Cruelty and perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the Head of a civilized nation. He has constrained our fellow Citizens taken Captive on the high Seas to bear Arms against their Country, to become the executioners of their friends and Brethren, or to fall themselves by their Hands. He has excited domestic insurrections amongstus, and has endeavoured to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless Indian Savages, whose known rule of warfare, is an undistinguished destruction of all ages, sexes and conditions.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52618
I would argue for 26. I know the usual trivia answer is 27, but that answer depends on counting one of two sentences that do not comprise a separate charge.Here s how it breaks down.There are *three* sets of grievancesA) first set -TWELVE charges, beginning with He has refused his Assent to Law. . . . and ending with He has affected to render the Military independent. . . . B) the second set is introduced by the following statement -- He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our constitution, and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his Assent to their Acts of pretended Legislation: This is not a separate charge but the setup for NINE specifics, from For quartering . . . . to For suspending our own legislatures (This is one place where some might find an extra charge that is not, in fact, there.)c) third set --FIVE more charges, beginning with He has abdicated. . . and ending with He has excited domestic insurrections. . . This last charge actually combines two charges from Jefferson s original draft.  (Jefferson s original had two additional charges -- one here, and ALSO a charge concerning slavery that was removed by Congress due to strong objections by some Southern delegations.)Thus we have a total of 26 specific charges.These are followed by two more paragraphs that, in some sense, continue to accuse:The first is still about the King -- In every stage ofthese Oppressions We have Petitioned for Redress in the most humble terms: Our repeated Petitions have been answered only by repeated injury. A Prince, whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free people. The wikipedia article seems to read it this way -- see the table at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Declaration_of_Independence#Annotated_text_of_the_DeclarationBut I do not think this should be viewed as a separate charge, as many do.  It is simply closing the case by saying, we have no choice now because the King has refused to respond to our petitions about all these matters .     In fact, it is followed by another parallel paragraph that asserts the same thing about PARLIAMENT (though pointedly refusing here, as elsewhere in the document, to refer to that institution by name).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57979
27
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57980
27 WORKS FOR THE RADIO TRIVIA;-)as20
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57981
27

QUESTION ID: CAZI6LHD8UBLT01
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can you make balancing chemical equations easier?
QUESTION CONTENT: Its a chemistry problem of mine its really hard with too many compounds @_@ help pls
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3491
Here is a method that I have developed for helping the high school students that I teach to balance acid/base reactions. Consider the reaction between calcium hydroxide Ca(OH)2and phosphoric acid H3PO4. This is about the most complicated we study, so the method is a little drawn out. I have purposely done this to demonstrate an extreme case. It is much quicker for such reactions as NaOH and HCl or H2SO4The most important thing to remember is that the reaction ends with a salt and water only.Concentrate on the water.Write the reactants like thiCa      OH       H    PO4...........OH       H........................HYou will se that you can make 2 molecules af water H2O from the first two lines, but you have 1 H left over. You need to add further OH , which can only be done by adding a further Ca(OH)2. Again, write this in the form above.The table will now look like this:      Ca       OH        H   PO4                  OH        H      Ca       OH        H                   OHYou have now formed 3 molecules of water and you have one OH group in excess. Add a further H3PO4 to the table which will now look like this:       Ca      OH        H   PO4                  OH        H      Ca       OH        H                   OH       H   PO4                                H                                HYou now have 4 molecules of H2O and 2 H in excess. Add another Ca(OH)2 Table will look like this:      Ca      OH        H   PO4                 OH        H      Ca      OH        H                                    OH        H   PO4      Ca      OH        H                 OH        HYou have satisfied all the H and OH groups with neither in excess.Now to write the equation out in balanced form:1.) Count the number of Ca(OH)2 used This is 3. Start by writing down 3Ca(OH)22.) Now count the number of H3PO4 used. This is 2. So your equation becomes:3Ca(OH)2 + 2H3PO4 ==>This is the left hand side of the equation, balanced3.) Now count how much water was produced. This adds up to 6 molecules. So now your equation becomes :3Ca(OH)2 + 2H3PO4 ==>+6H2O4.) All that is left is 3 molecules of Ca and 2 molecules of PO4which forms Ca3 (PO4)2. So the finall balanced equation is:3Ca(OH)2 + 2H3PO4 ==>Ca3(PO4)2 + 6 H2O.I am sorry, unable to write the chemical subscripts, but I hope that you can follow.Also, the submitted copy does not keep the columns that I have written in the original. I cannor work out how to correct this. Please rewrite the columns on paper and ensure that all the OH groups are vertically below one another and all the H groups are vertically below one another. Hope this is clear.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2107
Start by balancing elements that appear in only one reactant and product.  Then, deal with the others.  If all else fails, the following cumbersome procedure will always work:  write the unbalanced equation asA r1 + B r2 + ... ->X p1 + Y p2 + ...where A, B, X, etc. are unknown coefficients to be determined, and the r s and p s are the reactants and products.  For each element, write an equation in the coefficients which will cause one element to balance.  Repeat for all other elements.  Set one coefficient to 1, or to some other number which facilitates computation.  Then solve the equations as a linear system.  Example:A NaOH + B H2SO4 ->X Na2SO4 + Y H2ONa: 2A = XO: A + 4B = 4X + YH: A + 2B = 2YS: B = XArbitrary: X = 1.Solve this out, and you can get2 NaOH + H2SO4 ->Na2SO4 + 2H2O.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3492
There are some tips and tricks that you can use, but it depends on the type of reaction that you re dealing with.  In general, redox reactions tend to be the trickiest, but there are systematic ways to balance most of them.  But without seeing the reaction you re stuck on, it s hard to offer specific advice.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3493
you really just need practice, there is no way toa ctually do EVERY chem. eqn... but practice helps
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15042
use the calculator

QUESTION ID: CBCHEIRSXT87RDF
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to balance two sewing pins on top of each other?
QUESTION CONTENT: My Physics teacher offered me, or anyone else in my Physics class, extra credit were they able to balance two sewing pins on one another. The challenge was to stick a sewing pin into a piece of wood (or an eraser) at a 90 degree angle, and balance another sewing pin on top of it. We are not allowed to use any adhesives, etc., only the principles of physics. Anyone have any idea on how to help? (We are currently studying center of gravity, I suspect it has something to do with that...)Also, you can t use magnets, etc... just physics.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3146
Really easy way:Stick pin 1 into the side of the wood block, so you ve got a horizontal bar formed.Do a rough figuring of where the center of balance is for the second pin -- I d suggest a teeter-totter type approach, sliding the pin along a fulcrum till you get near balance.Now bend the second pin at the balance point and hang it over the first pin.  What have you done with the center of gravity by bending the second pin?  Can you find any architectural or engineering examples? Circus tricks?If you re good, you can do the same trick with the two pins if the first pin is put in upright on the wood block.  It s easier to do that with a couple of nails than a pin, however -- just because of the hand tremor issue.  You can easily balance a bent or curved pin over the edge of an upright razor blade because the surface of the razor blade only offers a few directions for the pin to fall from, in comparison with the *usually rounded) pin head.<g>
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3147
You can magnetize one of the pins so that even if the center of gravity isn t perfect they can be easily made to stand on end.  Find a decently strong magnet and leave the pin or pins stuck to the magnet overnight and they will remain magnetized for your experiment in the morning.

QUESTION ID: CCDVUHFC2QR2ZKF
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do people find out they have cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: How does a person find out if they have cancer? a doctors appt or is their symptoms of cancer?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17498
My wife found out when our daughter-in-law said to her, Mom, what is that lump on the side of your neck? She went to the doctor two days later and had tests that showed cancer.  She had no symptoms.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46939
When their Dr. tells them they have cancer.  No other way to know.!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71199
Cancer is an umbrella term for over 200 different types . . some are more easy to detect than others. However the vast majority of cancer in the early stages has no symptoms at all.Finding cancer is like looking for a needle in a haystack nerly impossible to find. And, the reason is simple . . cancer begins as a single cell . . a once normal cell . . and the body does not recognize this cell as being foreign. Instead the body continues to treat the malignant cell and eventual tumor as if it were just a normal part of the body. So the tumor grows and exists very easily within the body . . sometimes for an undetermined amount of time. Think of it this way . . a malignant tumor can be under 2cm . . . it is not in the way of any major organ, it exists quite happily inside the body, being nourished and protected just like any other body part. The only time anyone will ever experience any symptoms is when that tumor is large enough to see or feel . . and when that happens sometimes the tumor has invaded tissue or nerves, but it is also generally bigger. The symptoms can be so vague that people tend to ignore it as something else. It is only when someone can no longer ignore a symptom that they go to a doctor and by that time the tumors can be large and invasive and already a stage IV.So, unfortunately, in the majority of cancers . . they are only found either accidently by a doctor or patient in the early stage . . or they are found in an advanced state once symptoms become obvious.Please look at the illustration for colon cancer . . notice how tiny the early stages of this malignancy is and how it can sit inside the colon and not cause any problems at all. Than look at the advanced stage and see how invasive the tumor has become and how it can send out more tiny malignant seeds to the rest of the body .. that s when you will get symptoms that are difficult to ignore.http://www.meb.uni-bonn.de/cancer.gov/Media/CDR0000415501.jpgCancer is a progressive disease . . it starts out small . . and eventually grows big enough to detect. Doctors can often miss or misdiagnose cancer because they may only see the patient when the malignancy is tiny . . before it has had a chance to grow large enough to detect. Some cancer tumors grow slowly, but others can double in less than a month. A doctor would need to catch the tumor at just the right time to determine if it is cancer or not.So, the answer is this . . every person should become aware of their own body. Do not ignore odd or unexplained lumps and bumps especially ones that are seem to be growing. The growing lump or bump may be the ONLY early symptom you ever have. Make sure that no matter what age you are that you have a regular yearly doctors physical. That way the doctor will have information about your health and can make invaluable comparisons if you should ever need it.

QUESTION ID: CCLUATJAC1DWKGC
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can Vincristine and Adriamycin (used to treat cancer) be fatal to a cell?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 1238
Basically both drugs slow or stop the growth of cancer cells in the body. They are given together because each attacks the cells in a different way. Both drugs work on different parts of the cancer cell s life cycle, which increases the chance that more cancer cells are killed.Vincristine is in a family of drugs known as antineoplastic medications. Antineoplastics can cause the death of cancer cells by interfering with the DNA, which is necessary for their growth and reproduction.Adriamycin (also called Doxorubicin) is a anthracycline which is a subgroup to the antineoplastics. Adriamycin prevents the growth of cancer cells by interfering with DNA, which is necessary for reproduction of cells.Used together and in combinations these powerful drugs treat the following cancers: breast cancer, ovarian cancer., bladder cancer , lung cancer, thyroid cancer, gastric cancer, soft tissue and osteogenic sarcomas, acute myeloblastic leukemia, acute lymphoblastic leukemia, Hodgkin s disease, non-Hodgkin s lymphomas, neuroblastoma, rhabdomyosarcoma, Wilms tumor, Kaposi s sarcoma Medline Plus: Vincristinehttp://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/druginfo/medmaster/a682822.htmlMedline Plus: Doxirubicinhttp://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/druginfo/medmaster/a682221.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87361
Cuts off their oxygen supply and causes them to slowly die out. I was on Vinblastine and Vincristine for two and one half years.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87362
Adriamycin or doxorubicin.The exact mechanism of action of doxorubicin is complex and still somewhat unclear, though it is thought to interact with DNA by intercalation.Doxorubicin is known to interact with DNA by intercalation and inhibition of macromolecular biosynthesis.This inhibits the progression of the enzyme topoisomerase II, which unwinds DNA for transcription. Doxorubicin stabilizes the topoisomerase II complex after it has broken the DNA chain for replication, preventing the DNA double helix from being resealed and thereby stopping the process of replication.The planar aromatic chromophore portion of the molecule intercalates between two base pairs of the DNA, while the six-membered daunosamine sugar sits in the minor groove and interacts with flanking base pairs immediately adjacent to the intercalation site, as evidenced by several crystal structures.Vincristine binds to tubulin dimers, inhibiting assembly of microtubule structures. Disruption of the microtubules arrests mitosis in metaphase.

QUESTION ID: CDX12CHON1NIGIU
QUESTION SUBJECT: why are girls smarter than boys?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11582
this is what i call stereotyping, girls are not smarter than boys and boys are not smarter than girls. being smart is a personal quality avialable in persons from both sexes
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 80780
because they aren t.  case in point- this question.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 80781
because its human nature! the only smart man in the world is jesus and god!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 80782
Because they r girls.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 80783
Sex differences have been of interest to many researchers and practitioners and the subject of substantial debate in the popular media for some time. Many recognize that girls and boys are different, especially in school.  Research has shown that girls do better than boys in verbal tests and school achievement, and are less often identified as having learning disabilities or attention deficit disorders.  In this investigation a sample of 1,100 boys and 1,100 girls who matched the U.S. population on several demographic characteristics were compared using the PASS theory.  Results showed that girls outperformed boys on measures of Planning and Attention by about5 points.There is considerable research on differences between girls and boys and a full range of reactions and interpretations to the findings.  Halpern (1997) summarized some of the major findings as follows: boys have been found to do better on tasks such as mental rotation, mechanical reasoning, math and science knowledge, and verbal analogies; girls have outperformed boys on tests of verbal fluency, foreign language, fine motor skills, speech articulation, reading and writing, math calculation, and they typically earn higher grades in school in all or most subjects.  McHough, Koeske, and Frieze (1986) argue that sex differences cannot be adequately understood and examined unless boys and girls are compared according to a theoretical model of cognitive functioning.  Geary (1989) further emphasized that conceptual models of cognitive differences between the sexes should provide an integration of the neurological and sociocultural components that influence the development of cognitive processes. Naglieri (1999) and Sternberg (1990) stress the importance of having a theoretical approach define and measure intelligence, especially when group differences are examined.  Naglieri and Das (1997a) argues that a theory of cognitive abilities and a well-developed test to measure these processes is needed.  Combining a theory and a test with the study of sex differences could yield insights into the differences in performance noted by Halpern (1997) and others.  This has been accomplished by Das, Naglieri, and Kirby (1994) with their proposal of the Planning, Attention, Simultaneous, Successive (PASS) theory of cognitive processing and the development of the Cognitive Assessment System (CAS; Naglieri&Das, 1997b).The PASS theory of cognitive processing provides a view of intelligence reconceptualized as cognitive processes following from the neuropsychological work of A. R. Luria (e.g., 1973, 1980). This theory proposes that basic psychological processes include Planning, Attention, Simultaneous, and Successive processing that use and influence a child???s base of knowledge and skills.  In this theory, planning processes provide cognitive control, utilization of processes and knowledge, intentionality, and self-regulation to achieve a desired goal; attention processes provide focused, selective cognitive activity over time and resistance to distraction; simultaneous processing allows the person to deal with many pieces of information at one time; and successive process allow a person to work with information in a specific order or series.  These basic processes are measured by the CAS, which is an individually administered test with 12 subtests organized into four PASS scales.  The test was standardized on a large (n = 2,200) representative sample of children aged 5-17 years.  Each of the PASS Scales yields a standard score with a mean of 100 and SD of 15. This test was used to compare the performance of girls and boys on the four PASS cognitive processes.

QUESTION ID: CE13YFJKNXX5ZDL
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can I tell if my blood pressure is OK?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am fifty seven years old male
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37001
you have to monitor your blood pressure daily to check if it is within thenormal range. for your age and sex, around 130/80will be okay.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72217
Blood pressure is the pressure of the blood in the arteries as the heart pumps it around the body. Blood pressure does not stay the same all the time ??? it changes to meet your body???s needs. If blood pressure remains high, it can lead to serious problems like a heart attack, stroke, heart failure or kidney disease.Measuring blood pressureBlood pressure is usually measured by an instrument called a sphygmomanometer. It is best to measure blood pressure when you are relaxed and sitting or lying down.Blood pressure is recorded as two numbers, such as 120/80. The larger number indicates the pressure in the arteries as the heart squeezes out blood during each beat. It is called the systolic blood pressure. The lower number indicates the pressure as the heart relaxes before the next beat. It is called the diastolic blood pressure. For the middle aged and aged person there may be increase in Systolic blood pressure. The general thumb rule for assessing the pressure is like this the diastolic should be 80 and systolic should be 80 + your age and in your case it should not exeed 80 + 57 = 137. If it goes beyond this your BP is on the higherside and you should have consultation with your physician and have medication to keep it within limits. You should restict you Sodium (Common salt) intake and do regular excercise ie. walking for atleast 45 minutes daily. This will show improvement.-

QUESTION ID: CE2L7Q5GK6AW1JA
QUESTION SUBJECT: any one know how to do probabilities?
QUESTION CONTENT: Researchers at a pharmaceutical company have found that the effective time duration of a safe dosage of a pain relief drug is normally distributed with mean 2 hours and standard deviation 0.3 hour.  For a patient selected at random:a)  What is the probability that the drug will be effective for 2 hours or less?b)  What is the probability that the drug will be effective for 1 hour or less?c)  What is the probability that the drug will be effective for 3 hours or more?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 66892
For any normal random variable X with mean ?? and standard deviation  ?? , X ~ Normal( ?? ,  ?? ), (note that in most textbooks and literature the notation is with the variance, i.e., X ~ Normal( ?? ,  ???? ).  Most software denotes the normal with just the standard deviation.)You can translate into standard normal units by:Z = ( X - ?? ) /  ?? Where Z ~ Normal( ??  = 0,  ??  = 1).  You can then use the standard normal cdf tables to get probabilities.If you are looking at the mean of a sample, then remember that for any sample with a large enough sample size the mean will be normally distributed.  This is called the Central Limit Theorem.If a sample of size is is drawn from a population with mean ?? and standard deviation ?? then the sample average xBar is normally distributedwith mean ?? and standard deviation  ?? /???(n) An applet for finding the valueshttp://www-stat.stanford.edu/~naras/jsm/FindProbability.htmlcalculatorhttp://stattrek.com/Tables/normal.aspxhow to read the tableshttp://rlbroderson.tripod.com/statistics/norm_prob_dist_ed9.htmlIn this question we haveX ~ Normal( ??x = 2 , ??x?? = 0.09 ) X ~ Normal( ??x = 2 , ??x = 0.3 )Find P( X<2 )P( ( X - ?? ) / ??<( 2 - 2 ) / 0.3 )= P( Z<0 )= 0.5this is easy to find because for any normal random variable Y with mean ??, P(Y<??) = P(Y>??) = 0.5Find P( X<1 )P( ( X - ?? ) / ??<( 1 - 2 ) / 0.3 )= P( Z<-3.333333 )= 0.0004290603Find P( X>3 )P( ( X - ?? ) / ??>( 3 - 2 ) / 0.3 )= P( Z>3.333333 )= P( Z<-3.333333 )= 0.0004290603P(X<1) = P( X>3) because you are looking at the area under the curve in the tails 3.33333... standard deviations above or below the mean.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6606
Find the z-score then look up the probabilities on the chart in your book (standard normal probability tables)

QUESTION ID: CE8SGZQ8NYB8L14
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does a high diastolic cause more concern than a high systolic?
QUESTION CONTENT: Mine is 117/92. Also, sometimes I experience sharp piercing pains over my heart that last a few seconds...but its only happened a couple times over the past summer...is that related to the high diastolic? Thanks!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85396
What is your blood pressure normally?  You are having pains now so that could affect it.  What have you been doing recently?  Do you have an active lifestyle?  Do you smoke?  What do you eat?  How much coffee have you had?  Your heart is a magnificent critter.  It is also an emotional one.  Have you had trouble in your personal life?  Your heart will act accordingly.  I m an Advanced EMT.  If I was called to your house and this was your pressure, it would make me yawn.  Now a diastolic of say, 120.  That s bad.  However, if it is like this ALL OF THE TIME, you need to do something about it.  Don t tunnel-vision in on one thing in your health.  Now you said you also have chest pains.  It could be related, it might not be.  For a diagnosis of any heart abnormality you need an EKG and cardiac enzymes.  Now, to finally answer your primary question:  Ventricular Hypertrophy or thickening of the left ventricle.  A disease that can be caused by a chronic high diastole.  This canlead to ineffective pumping action of the heart, primary pulmonary hypertension and finally congestive heart failure(bad).  Get your butt off the couch, take your vitamins little hulkster and take positive steps to improve your personal life.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38595
Chest pains can come from different things. Gas,pull muscle,etc. Your blood pressure is not to high. It s high,but normal. When it shoots up to 100 than u have a problem. You wanna get it before it goes to high. Besides u have to check more than once to determin if u have H.B.P.I hope this helps. I know cuz I have high blood pressure

QUESTION ID: CEZAPR2U0FHQW8U
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to do the splits?
QUESTION CONTENT: okay well i wanna learn how to do the splits.i m about 8-9 inches off the ground. what are some ways i can do the splits? im not in a huge rush, but i dont want it to take like half a year. if u know what i mean.and i wanna learn how to do a toe touch..soo will doing the splits help with that? and what are some daily excersizes to learn to do the toe toucH?This is what i  already do everyday. (just started a couple weeks ago)::i sit down and spread my legs out. then i lean in forward and try to lean in as far as i can.what else can i do? orr is this enough?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 59928
HOW TO DO A SPLIT:Steps:Stretch first. Do some lunges to get warmed up, strech a little. Make sure you warm up properly though or else you could pull or tear a muscle, and that hurts!!!! Put your front foot on top of something 1-2 feet off the ground and your second foot on the ground. Rest both of your hands on whatever you use for your front foot. Go as far down into the split as you possibly can. If it hurts really badly, STOP! Hold this for 60 seconds. Constantly try to push yourself farther down. After one minute, shake out your legs and repeat for another 30 seconds. Do this 5 times in a row per day. The more you do, of course, the better. You will gradually get farther and farther down into your split. Practice everyday. Tips: The key to this is repetition. If you do it a lot one day and then don t do it again for 3 days, it won t work as well. If you want the best results, you must do this everyday. A very detailed and helpful resource for getting the splits down: http://drillobsession.com/2006/09/03/flexibility-to-the-maxstretch-your-splits-in-3-weeks/ You should try to do it EVERy day, the more the better Practice! Start a gymnastic club By the way i have been doing this for 3 days and i can now go the whole way down !! lol  Things You ll NeedSomething you can rest your front foot on that is 1 to 2 feet high. If it is padded it is good because it makes this a lot more comfortable, but padding isn t required. HOW TO DO A TOE TOUCH:Toe Touch Drills:Start off by stretching out. Make sure you are warmed up before you actually throw any jumps to avoid pulling or straining muscles. Next do 3 sets of leg lifts: sit in a straddle on the floor, hands are behind you for support (hands should be on the floor, under or near your tail), slightly lean back and lift both legs (about a foot off the floor), keep your legs STRAIGHT, WITHOUT your legs touching the floor lift them 10 times, release, count to 10 for a breather and repeat. Do a total of 3 sets. Leg lifts are hard but it will strengthen your legs and improve the height of your jumps!!! After leg lifts we do side high kicks: arms in a T motion, with right leg kick 5 times, breather for for 5 seconds, switch to left leg 5 times. Ready to begin: Throw your toe touch, count 5-6-7-8, throw another, then repeat. When you are throwing your toe touch:Make sure you have a good prep (feet and legs together, bending knees, keeping your back straight). Really concentrate on using the muscles in your legs when prepping, after all that is how you get off the ground in the first place :). When you are in your toe touch position (in the air) DON T reach for your legs. Arms should be in a T . Bring your legs to your arms, not arms to your legs! Keep your legs straight. Bent knees make a toe touch look sloppy. POINT YOUR TOES, and when landing, make sure your feet are together... DON T FORGET TO SMILE!! :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15317
you could bu resistance bands to increase flexibility.what is a touch toe?  i m not sure but just keep practicing&you ll get into it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67793
you Must Stretch. if you dont YOU WONT GET ANYWHERE. trust me i am trying to. i have been stretching and i am getting lower and lower everyday by a couple of centimeteres. if you go online and type in split stretches, you will get LOADs,  and it works. Lunges and reaching for your toes works too. And if you have one flexible leg more than the other, work on that so it makes it equalx
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67794
Sorry Lolo cant help here being that I am about as flexable as an Elephant if you know what I mean, and they can even jump!Try maybe pushing yourself to the limit. Maybe even do more per day. Everyone s body is different, so your body may not do what someone in your Dance class s does. All I have to say is that good job even getting 8-9 inches off the ground being that I am about 4732847328 inches off. And it still hurts.Sad, I know but I play soccer, and I dont do dance so I m not too flexible even though my dad is always like STRETCH!! STRETCH!! Haha
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70159
Just do it like you would if you were actually going to do it...know what I mean? It will help with your flexibility. do it once or twice a day.

QUESTION ID: CF5T2UNA5Y51Q2Z
QUESTION SUBJECT: Is there any physical limit to how small objects can be seen from a satelite?
QUESTION CONTENT: I dont meen technical limits like that we cant make ccd:s that can do this or that, I meen like if there is something with the waveleangth of the light and distortion in the atmosphear.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72812
It depends on the distance of the satellite.I ll translate be seen as uptake of scattered light. The amount of scattered light obviously is dependent on the amount of light falling on the object and the light absorption and reflection of the object.Wavelength plays a role with absorption of light by the media it has to pass - in this case the various layers of atmosphere plus the optical system. (Of course it has to be scattered or reflected by the object, too - here we get a hard limit of wavelength.)Distortion by the atmosphere or the optical system creates different focussing points for different wavelengths. Given enough time and receptors, this effect can be corrected.Signal to noise ratio is critical. It is easier to see a bright speck on dark background than a dark speck on bright background. If your receptor is tuned to low intensity scattered light, direct reflection will noise out any meaningful signal.Finally, the signal at the receptor must have sufficient intensity to register as a signal. Here we get not only absorption but also aperture of the optical system as a variable. A giant concave mirror would have lots more aperture than a lense system, which is why astronomical observatories use them. Put a real big perfect mirror into orbit, and the amount of detail you can see will increase considerably.There is a problem combining real big with perfect , though. The history of the Hubble Telescope probably is the best proof.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21539
I m not totally sure about the effects of the atmosphere distorting an image, but yes there are inherent limits to what can be resolved by a given aperture and a given wavelength of light -- even in the abscence of any interposed material.For two objects to be resolvable as separate, they must satisfy Rayleigh s Criterion:Theta = 1.22*(wavelength/diameter)Theta is the angular separation of the two objects, wavelength is the wavelength of light, and the diameter is what you are looking through (could be your pupil). This approximation only works for small angles, and is conservative -- people have been shown in experiment to be able to resolve smaller angles than these.

QUESTION ID: CFHP6BNPL2DVQMY
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do airplanes work?
QUESTION CONTENT: Process that it involves flying from take off to landing.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12555
An airplane supports itself in flight by deflecting the passing airstream downward. The plane s wings push this airstream downward and the airstream reacts by pushing the wings upward. This action/reaction effect is an example of Newton s third law of motion, which observes that forces always come in equal but oppositely directed pairs: if one object pushes on another, then the second object must push back on the first object with a force of equal strength pointing in the opposite direction. Even air obeys this law so that when the plane s wings push air downward, the air must push the wings upward in response. In level flight, the deflected air pushes upward so hard that it supports the entire weight of the plane. Just how the airplane s wings deflect the airstream downward to obtain this upward lift force is a marvel of fluid dynamics. We can view it from at least two perspectives: a Newtonian perspective which concentrates on the accelerations of the passing airstream and a Bernoullian perspective which concentrates on speeds and pressures in that airstream.The Newtonian perspective is the most intuitive and where we will start. The airstream arriving at the forward or leading edge of the airplane wing splits into two separate flows that travel over and under the wing, respectively. The wing is shaped and tilted so that these two flows experience very different accelerations as they travel around the wing. The flow that goes under the wing encounters a downward sloping surface that pushes it downward and it accelerates downward. In response to this downward push, the air pushes upward on the bottom of the wing and provides part of the force that supports the plane.The air that flows over the wing follows a more complicated route. At first, this flow encounters an upward sloping surface that pushes it upward and it accelerates upward. In response to this upward force, the air pushes downward on the leading portion of the wing s top surface. But the wing s top surface is curved so that it soon begins to slope downward rather than upward. When this happens, the airflow must accelerate downward to stay in contact with it. A suction effect appears, in which the rear or trailing portion of the wing s top surface sucks downward on the air and the air sucks upward on it in response. This upward suction force more than balances the downward force at the leading edge of the wing so that the air flowing over the wing provides an overall upward force on the wing.Since both of these air flows produce upward forces on the wing, they act together to support the airplane s weight. The air passing both under and over the wings is deflected downward and the plane remains suspended.In the Bernoullian view, air flowing around a wing s sloping surfaces experiences changes in speed and pressure that lead to an overall upward force on the wing. The fact that each speed change is accompanied by a pressure change is the result of a conservation of energy in air passing a stationary surface--when the air s speed and motional energy increase, the air s pressure and pressure energy must decrease to compensate. In short, when air flowing around the wing speeds up, its pressure drops and when it slows down, its pressure rises.When air going under the wing encounters the downward sloping bottom surface, it slows down. As a result, the air s pressure rises and it exerts a strong upward force on the wing. But when air going over the wing encounters the up and down sloping top surface, it slows down and then speeds up. As a result, the air s pressure first rises and then drops dramatically, and it exerts a very weak overall downward force on the wing. Because the upward force on the bottom of the wing is much stronger than the downward force on the top of the wing, there is an upward overall pressure force on the wing. This upward force can be strong enough to support the weight of the airplane.But despite the apparent differences between these two descriptions of airplane flight, they are completely equivalent. The upward pressure force of the Bernoullian perspective is exactly the same as the upward reaction force of the Newtonian perspective. They are simply two ways of looking at the force produced by deflecting an airstream, a force known as lift.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 73134
the best website to go to is:http://www.howstuffworks.comFor airplanes: http://www.howstuffworks.com/airplane.htm

QUESTION ID: CI31W68NATUFGT8
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are people not ready to accept Darwins theory of evolution.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18466
My theory on philosophy of religion is that the primary motivation for religion can be attributed to the fear of death. Human beings do not like the notion of death and have invented numerous ways to get around it - heaven, reincarnation, nirvana, valhalla, to name a few. The idea being that although our bodies clearly perish, we all have a soul that will go on after our death.In most Western religions, only humans possess a soul, and not animals.  Darwin s theory is in direct contradiction with this notion. Darwin proposes that we are not very different from animals at all. in fact we share about 98% genetic similarity with chimps. This is an extremely difficult concept for the human soul club (as I call them) to get used to and understandably so. As soon as they admit that humans are basically animals and evolved from animals, they have to relinquish this idea of a superior soul, and they are back to square one - where death is the end of everything as they have lost the thing that was going to take them to heaven.You will notice in the above, that Eastern religions - hinduism and buddhism for instance - actually believe that animals have souls too, and that reincarnation allows you to go from human to animal. These religions are not as opposed to Darwinian theory of evolution.<added later>Derek D has a great point about the age at which we are exposed to science vs religion. I definitely second that. Also, not wishing to offend anyone I want to add - I am not condoning/endorsing any religion over the other.</added later>
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48339
One of the conclusions a person might infer from the Theory of Evolution, is that Life, especially Human Life, is due to totally Random Events.  From the idea of Life is Random, a person might further infer that Life is Meaningless.Most people are very uncomfortable with the idea that their life is meaningless.  The Anti-Evolution People believe that their Lives are special.  They believe the Theory of Evolution contradicts the specialness of Human life, so they have to reject the Evolution.  That s why they rather believe in Creationism or Intelligent Design .

QUESTION ID: CIGOYWVSIG0KY5T
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does radiotheraby work on brain tumors?
QUESTION CONTENT: My dad has one, unfortunately.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 68829
So far as Radiation therapy on Brain tumors is concerned it is just like any solid tumors on any other part of body  such as cancers of the skin, head and neck, breast, prostate and cervix, etc.   Radiation therapy can also be used to treat leukemia and lymphoma (cancers of the blood-forming cells and lymphatic system, respectively).Radiation therapy in BRAIN TUMORS uses high-energy x-rays (ionizing radiation) to stop cancer cells from dividing. A rad is the scientific unit of measure of radiation energy dose. A patient who receives radiation therapy as a treatment for cancer will receive several thousand rads over a very short period of time (weeks or months). A typical x-ray contains far fewer rads.During radiation therapy, x-rays deposit energy in the area being treated, damaging the genetic material of cells and making it impossible for these cells to divide. Although radiation damages both cancer cells and normal cells, the normal cells are usually able to repair themselves and function properly. Like surgery, radiation therapy is a local treatment; it only affects the cells in the treated area. Radiation therapy may be used to treat localized solid tumors.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45320
Hopefully it kills the cancer cells off slowly. i ahve had it myself although not on my brain. I have beaten it 3 times now. Good luck to your dad. Be as supportive as you can.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87351
radiotherapy works by sending waves of radiation to the cancerous cells which kill them and render them ineffective in some cases. it is not 100% effective and the cells may regrow although experts say that radiotherapy minimises this and if the treatment goes well it can stop it altogether although the tumour may come back in years to follow.i hope this is helpful but more importantly i hope your dads radiotherapy goes well, and that the tumour is successfully treated. good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87352
Treatment can involve surgery, radiation therapy, and chemotherapy. Brain tumors are best treated by a team involving a neurosurgeon, radiation oncologist, oncologist or neuro-oncologist, and other health care providers, such as neurologists and social workers.Early treatment often improves the chance of a good outcome. Treatment, however, depends on the size and type of tumor and the general health of the patient. The goals of treatment may be to cure the tumor, relieve symptoms, and improve brain function or the person s comfort.Surgery is necessary for most primary brain tumors. Some tumors may be completely removed. Those that are deep inside the brain or that enter brain tissue may be debulked instead of entirely removed. Debulking is a procedure to reduce the tumor s size.Tumors can be difficult to remove completely by surgery alone, because the tumor invades surrounding brain tissue much like roots from a plant spread through soil. In cases where the tumor cannot be removed, surgery may still help reduce pressure and relieve symptoms.Radiation therapy and chemotherapy may be used for certain tumors.Please see the web pages for more details on Brain tumors.

QUESTION ID: CNPBGLP0X3CLGYW
QUESTION SUBJECT: Should a frustrated novelist place his 640-page book for free on the Internet?  How is that done?
QUESTION CONTENT: My long novel is complete and was published by me.  Sales went almost nowhere.  I love the story, and a few friends love it.  One man told me, Some of your writing is the best I ve ever seen anywhere. Others hate the tale.  Some graphic sex scenes are not appealing to some readers.   Should I put it on the net and let anyone read it for free?  If yes, how is that done?  How do I seek out potential readers?  If I allow readers to see it for free, I might accidentally find someone influential (like in Hollywood) who has a stronger interest.  What do you think?  What are your own credentials?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 27874
You can t expect to make a million right away. Posting your novel for a free read is a great way to get your name and book out there. Google web publishing and you ll find alot of sites you can upload for free.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79754
I would be very careful with something like this.  (I m a freelance writer and a grad student in English.)  If you published your novel yourself, and sales went nowhere, I ll assume that you still have many copies of the book in your possession.  Because of the high risk of copyright infringement (and the difficulty in proving that one or two ideas stolen from a 640-page book were definitely yours), I would try to exhaust all avenues in trying to sell your printed texts first - it will be much easier to prove ownership with a printed and dated text-object.I would consider going to a message board or forum (not unlike this one) with sample chapters of your book, and posting those online for review.  If your book is good, total strangers will support it and give you the energy you need to find a new marketing strategy and to get your name out there.  If it isn t, it will be up to people who aren t your friends to be honest with you.  If the book isn t selling, it s either bad or improperly marketed.  Gather some impartial advice and decide whether you want to pursue this text as-is, or if you d rather revise it first and attempt another edition.If all else fails, grab a copy of the Writer s Market from your local bookstore and hire yourself a reputable agent to market it for you; it could just be a matter of getting it on the right shelves.

QUESTION ID: COCS3Q6KEQNMM16
QUESTION SUBJECT: how is technology going to change in the next 50 years ?
QUESTION CONTENT: i want a very detailed answer
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 23218
One way to approach this question is to look at how things have changed since 1955.  If we compare today to 1955, cars, boats and planes are different, but not very different.  They re more a little faster, they go a little further, and they re quite a bit more reliable, but not completely different in design.Computers, on the other hand, have changed completely since 1955, and will change completely several times in the next 50 years.  It s very likely that computers will be a thousand times faster and a thousand times cheaper.  So, almost every appliance will probably contain a computer many times faster than the computer on which you are reading this.If we look at medicine, it s harder to predict.  It s possible that in the next 50 years, biotechnology will generate a breakthrough as big as the discovery of antibiotics (penicillin in 1928), but it s not inevitable.  The next 50 years might just be a time of gradual improvement.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74531
It depends on what kind of technology we are talking about. When about computers:This technology has developed in the last 50 years at an amazing speed. In fact, one of my professors uses to say that if the transport industry had developed as fast as the computer technology, man would have been able to travel today from tokyo to new york in one minute at the cost of one US dollar.Probably the next 50 years will not be different at all. Who knows, maybe we ll be like in The Jetsons cartoon... Flying cars, automated food makers, self-thinking man-like robots to work for us. it s hard to tell how life will be 50 years from now... Nowadays efforts are made to create a multi-tasking computer, meaning a computer which can do 2 or more operations at the same time. (not sure of the translation). Imagine what impact this will have on our lives. I m thinking about the impact of integrate circuits had in the 50- 60s.These will probably help us to explore space better, more effective and faster. We could find a planet similar to Earth and populate it... Or, why not, create habitats good for living on the Moon, Mars or Pluto...

QUESTION ID: CPBJH4PFWHY5ZG7
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i start selling tattoos?
QUESTION CONTENT: how do i make the flash cards, what programs are more recomended.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75009
I am wrestling with this myself. You have to realize that most shops have some quality artists already on board, and that typical flash on there walls is either done in house or is the work of a well-known tattoo artist. With that in mind, you have to come across as proffesional; talented, creative, and inexspensive.The first thing I did was put together a good set of art; something like 10 pages and nearly 50 images; with copies in color and B&W. That done, I selected one sheet to mail out as a sample, along with a sheet of thumbnails (minature images) of all the sheets in the set. Then I typed a solid form letter; I explain who I am, what my goals are, set my prices, and ASK FOR A CRITIQUE. Even if they are not interested in buying the work, knowing what they think will help me build a set that they will buy. Finally, I add a self-addressed stamped envelope for their reply, I want it to be as easy for them as possible. All of it goes in a manilla envelope and shipped out to shops all over; I get addresses from tattoo magazines.I am not amking enough to quit my day-job yet; sending ten teasers out a week, but I am well on my way to buying my gun and gear so I can start laying some of my flash on to some flesh.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23735
The best way is to scan in your drawings to a computer at high resolution and save them as picture files. set up a website and put the pics online with a contact number/address for those who want to buy. once you get some cash, expand the site to include credit card transfers to make it easier. Use flash, and html for the site

QUESTION ID: CRDZVJG66KW0BP0
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does everyone like football?I ve always asked myself this question cuz i feel Im the only one that hate it
QUESTION CONTENT: Like everyone I know, loves football, but I feel like I am the only one on Earth that hates it.......why would that be, I never even went to my high school football games, but why, is it?? Do I have some issues?? I sometimes feel I am not normal........as in not liking football, Help?? how can I start liking it? How???
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79898
I myself also USED TO hate football.  My husband works all the time though now since he is the only income at this time.  So, the only thing he asks is that he watches football once a week without a fuss.  So instead of complaining I decided to start asking questions. This is the first superbowl that I actually felt I knew what was happening in the game.  I never thought that I would ever enjoy watching football but now I can t wait until next season.  It s great because being able to talk football is a great icebreaker I found out.  Now you really need to find someone that will take the time to explain the game to you; otherwise, don t even try watching it. It was a nice change for me... but my husband wouldn t mind if I still hated it but I know he s happy to have me watch the game with him.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79899
first of some high school teams are lame....some schools are smaller than others and talent is nil...i played football got an ACL tear for it and i love everything about it still...ok the superbowl is the end(probowl doesnt count)right now you at the start of a new football season..first thing is to learn some of the rules and the goal of the game...calmly ask a guy thats not gonna flip out that you want to learn..or read the question on here on how to teach a girl about football..a guy gives you a good grasp to a mildly complex game....well the Steelers are the champsnow we are in the offseason...there are trades and things...but the biggest thingis the draft...who ever had the worst record(or sucked to most) picks first..its big cuz alot of local players can be picked...so the best talent for college around the nation are up for graps..its a honor to be picked to play in the NFL(and you like instantly rich)thats why draft is fun...they show highlights for the guys college career..and he usally a bad.a$$...the next thing that happen is the preseason ..4 games that meant nothing but ready a team to play 16 games...the best of those team goes to a playoff and the two best teams from each or the two conferences ..AFC and NFC...play each other in a event that a whole year in the making...a game in which all football players(young and old) hold sacred... the super bowl...some teams get worst some get better but your love for the game stays...if you love a team , it gets that much worst...lol

QUESTION ID: CRWYY0NJFF1MSG0
QUESTION SUBJECT: why does most everbody cheer john cena?
QUESTION CONTENT: i mean he CAN T wrestle he has the belt way to much and his gimmick is getting old and on raw you never see any negative cena sign and rarly you hear anti cena chants why do people like cena
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10548
cause he rocks
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17239
Where did you hear that he has everybody cheering for him.I bet at wrestlemania he is gunna get booed and when shawn micheals wins the match there are gunna be lots of screaming fans.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39973
Alleluia! Sister, you got it right there.You took the words out of my mouth. Let me tell you this. John Cena, is too over rated. It s his cult that is getting the girls and little boys to love him. His cult is the Chaingang. It s ridiculous. John Cena is ridiculous and very much hideous too. He has been pushed too much to a point where we are trying to puke him out of our throats. It s disgusting and degrading. Someone should fire that punk because he is getting boring. Cena sucks and i bet in my neighbourhood, you can hear a great anti Cena chant. You know what? I bet the WWE removes the negative Cena signs, ECW One Night Stand is the home of anti Cena chants, the last one i saw one was a long time ago on Monday Night Raw. I don t like Cena for the same reasons as you, he is getting boring.Have a nice day.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39974
I agree that his wrestling skills are limited and his gimmick sucks. He is a no talent wrestler who doesn t deserve any championship let alone the WWE Title. The people who cheer for him go for the hype and either can t or choose not to think for themselves. He is one of the worst if not the worst WWE Champion ever. He sucks plain and simple. Cena s fan base is mostly made up of women, girls and pre teenage boys. You will not see too many men cheering for Cena. He is the antithesis of what a WWE superstar should be as well as what a WWE Champion should be. Cena, his fans and the spinner belt are ruining the WWE and wrestling as a whole. The guy makes me sick. WWE legends who are deceased are looking down at him walking down to the ring with his spinner belt masquerading as WWE Champion, are spitting, vomiting and turning in their graves. He is trivializing what past WWE Champions had to do to win the Title. Cena and his fans have no respect for wrestling tradition. Veteran fans who were watching while it was the WWF simply know better. Cena fans didn t watch the WWE when it was the WWF and if that is not the case, they are even worse. They should get videos or DVD s and find out what it was like when the WWE was the WWF. I will never be a fan of John Cena or his pathetic gimmick. He is simply representing the youth of today even though he doesn t represent anti-Cenafans like myself. He is cheapening the WWE Title and they need to get the belt off of him. So to answer your question, the people that cheer for him aren t real fans and they can t think for themselves. They always want to follow the hype.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39975
YA i agree wit u...but they can cheer for whoever they want, like how i cheer Jeff Hardy ?????? n u cheer forwhoever U want to...itz not that big of a deal.....n u all u ppl that refer to us as Jelous haterzzz of John Cena...-_-... tht is pure bs...y wud we b jelous of sum azzhole tht getz BOOED everytime he walkz to the ring????! i dnt like him 1 bit!!!!! lmao wrestling iz fake!! no1 in the WWE can really wrestle so shut ur mouthz cuz u gurlz dnt kno a thing about what ur talkin about!!! i bet u guyz dnt even know who IRS is!!!! stop being like that jus cuz u think hez cexy n haz a big butt that duznt mk sum1 the best person in the WWE!!!

QUESTION ID: CS4RB23R6NRYD75
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why did Native American people were killed in North America.?
QUESTION CONTENT: I did not know they are lots of people are mixed, black, white,hispanic, and asian.   It is so interesting to know about different tribes and their cultures.  Sadly , they were 100 million Native American were killed ..... The fact , as students were not learn about their purpose, ordinary, etc, but not much info in history....
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2784
actually there was actually around 70-90 million natives in the Americas before 1492. Considering the size of the Americas thats not alot of people but that what the population size what.         The Indigenous people of America were slaughtered when they resisted European enchroachment, fought with Europeans against other peoples or Europeans or when they wanted native resources.    Most native Americans were killed due to disease. 90% of the population died. They ve bounced back though. There s around 80 million people in North America with full Native descent but there was it was an awful journey to begin with
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60563
Where on Earth did you get that information from 100 million Native Americans killed where did all this take place, there probably wasn t that many people in the U.S. at that time. In fact that s one third of today s population so, your fact is way off base, go back to your school books and reread.        We, the people of the United States, are a mixed group of Immigrant Nationals from every country on this Earth, I m proudly to say, we have a hard time getting along at times and, sometimes things don t quite work out but, we strive to make life and democracy, living better. When the times get tough like a war, you will not see a Nation come together so fast to thwart an enemy at our back door.      We ve proudly pulled together during the Great Depression, World War 1 and World War two, Korea and Viet Nam, Granada and other conflicts. We hold together as a society and, I m very proud to be called an American.

QUESTION ID: CS5ACQ2Y4KY3TOC
QUESTION SUBJECT: why cant a already bypassed artery be re bypassed???
QUESTION CONTENT: Ive had a double bypass and they are both reclogged.  My cardiologist says he can not rebypass them.  Why?Thank you for the responses.  I really appreciate them.  I do have a controlled diet, which does include exersize.  I am not overweight.  I was told that my heart condition is probably inherited.  I have no medical history of my biological father, so I assume its from his side, since my mothers side doesnt have any problems with the heart.Since my bypass in 2003, I have adheared to the diet recommended by my cardiologist, I walk, and  exersize.  I dont know why it reclogged.  Doctors dont either.I do appreciate the information though.  Thanks for the speedy response
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 53794
Do you mean the grafts are blocked, or the bypassed arteries are now more blocked ? The latter is common.Research  Dr. Dean Ornish, the Pritikin diet, and Dr. Richard Flanigan s new book, Longevity Made Simple for information on reversing heart disease.  Reversal is a long slow process that means pretty much being the ideal patient.Blockages can be long, and small additional blockages can make an additional bypass pointless.  I have that problem.  Arteries can also become more brittle, so a graft is dangerous to attach, otherwise they risk an artery literally crumbling.Ask your cardiologist about  EECP, External Enhanced Counter Pulsation.  Its used to try to force growth of new arteries. Usually a month of one hour or so treatments.If you can exercise vigorously safely, extended long cardio at a rate of 500+ cal/hr or higher can work at collateralization.On www.pubmed.gov, I ve read abstracts of studies that say that pomegranate juice is such a powerful anti-oxidant, 30 times better than red wine, that its activity can work slowly like Drano working at removing cholesterol from blockages and slowing re-opening some occlusions.  I have some every day.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 808
A cardiovascular surgeon that has reviewed a recent cath film would be able to answer whether or not you can have a vessel re-bypassed or not.  Sometimes people have poor targets for new grafts (your surgeon would know based on your first bypass report).  Sometimes disease can be very diffuse in a vessel too, meaning the plaque is kind of spread out along the walls of the vessel, so there isn t really a good open place to put a graft.   Again, a surgeon would have to review the films to see if you are a candidate.

QUESTION ID: CSAHXXKG4GU3MIA
QUESTION SUBJECT: Universe - How big is the bubble&whats on the other side ?
QUESTION CONTENT: The Universe just how big is it ?From our view point we can guess that the Universe was created from one big explosion.Firstly,1) What was there before this initial explosion.Secondly2) If the explosion is spreading outwards  then logic says that eventually it will stop at point in the future.And if so what will be beyond that limit?.What is out there in addition to our own universe and space in its totality ?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17315
Actually the thought now is that the planets, stars are not slowing down but speeding up! So the distance between our solar system and others is growing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41902
Dear Sir:You ask these questions of the common man walking down the street in Yahoo Questions/Answers.... Yet these questions are the End All - Questions. The universe as best we can observe with the very best technologies available to us extends out 40 Billion Light years in all directions from us. That is as far as our best devices can see. Beyond that our equipment fails to deliver any useful information. So our ability to know anything about what lies beyond is ZERO. Maybe in the future some new breakthrough will occur and that limit may be pushed out another ten of fifteen billion light years. 1.) The Earth is some 4 Billion Years old. So we assume that the Big Bang occurred some 4 Billion Years ago. Since there was nothing where the Earth is now, how do you suppose anyone will be able to answer your question about what came before that? Don t be foolish and expect Tom Sawyer to step forward and hand the answer to you on a patch of cloth of leather.2.) Your supposition is based upon things you have learned and experienced in life here on Earth. Space and the Universe do not fit into that confined set of rules and logic. So, your comment that logic says... is not appropriate. We do not know of  any end point to Space at this time. And even more foolish is to ask what is beyond something that we don t even know yet.3.) Unanswerable question because of the limits of reason expressed in Answer 2. Who knows what is beyond something that you don t know anything about? 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41903
Since space and time are both laws of physics that only exist within this universe - then whatever is outside it (if anything) is completely and totally beyond our comprehension.If you did not occupy any space, and were not following any timeline (no past, present or future) then how can you exist at all? It may be possible that you still could - possibly in another dimension etc - but I m b*uggered if I can imagine that. That s why asking what s outside the universe is academic - we could never understand even if we knew.In the moments before the big bang a huge amount of matter was compacted down into an unimaginably small thing called a singularity. See this dot . - you could fit about 500,000 billion protons onto it (sub-atomic particles). If you then sliced one of those protons into a billion pieces and took one bit, that is roughly the size of the singularity, so small it had no spatial dimensions.We know this singularity must have existed because we re here - but, again, it existed outside of space and time which only came into existence with the birth of the universe so it s very difficult for us to have any understanding of how it existed and in what form.It doesn t actually stand to reason that the universe will eventually stop expanding - that is just one theory. It may equally continue to expand eternally, or start to compact down again only to burst back into life and start all over again.Finally - as to what is out there in addition to our own universe and space in its totality - your guess would be as good as anyones. Maybe many other universes, making up a multiverse, maybe nothing (whatever nothing means).All good questions - but no answers to any of them, sadly.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54253
the universe is still expanding.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86412
1) It is quite possible that there nothing before the Big Bang. Remember that time is part of the universe and is greatly affected by high densities and masses. In the very early stages of the universe, the density was immense enough to affect time itself.2) This is wrong. The problem is that the Big Bang was not an explosion in any conventional sense. A typical explosion consists of stuff moving through space. The expansion of the universe is an expansion of space itself. The universe is literally expanding everywhere. No one place is the center of the expansion...in a sense every place is a center for it.Also, the expansion does not have to stop. To reverse the expansion would take enough matter for the gravity to be able to reverse the motion. It seems that there is not enough to do so. In fact, it appears that the expansion is actually accelerating because of a repulsive aspect of the vacuum.

QUESTION ID: CV0LAKH8A5IRJVX
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I help someone through a very painful bereavement?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 47296
i   can t  go  into  details kirst  ,  but   all   can  say  is  stay  strong  ,  be there  for them  listen if they  want  to talk ,if they   want to  cry  let them , they  will  feel in denial  in the beginning  that  will  pass . ,  the   guilt    will  come later   , thats  the worst  part ,  thinking  of  only  what  they  couldn t do  ,  not what they  did  do  , they  will  have good  days  and  bad  days they  say that  time heals  all  wounds ,  its  a cliche i  know  ,but  the  pain of losing  someone  so  close  will  never   completey    go  away ,  but  it  will   get   a little easier,   , my thoughts and prayers  are with  you    remember the good times
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9499
Hold them and hug them and let them know that you will always be there.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17505
all i can say as most have said - is be there for that person..You don t have to be in their face - but let them know that you are there - :for them to talk to - for them not talk to (just sit with them), Listen if they talk about nothing and if they wish to be held - hold them..cry with them..Let them cry..They may push you away - they may scream at you and say hurtful things - but sometimes this is cause they are hurting and want you to take some of the pain too..Main thing  - Is be yourself - be their friend..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 56678
All you can do kirstell is be their for them I have just lost my sister after a 8yr illness and went to her funneral yesterday and what has really helped me is the support of family and friends one particular friend has been brillant she has sat with me in the early hours listening to me and just being there has been a big help and comfort and that means so much knowing that someone cares.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87903
Homeopathic Remedies for Anxiety / Panic Attacks / Stress / Depression(Bereavment) / Mood Swings :-ANXIETY / PANIC ATTACKS&STRESS :-Sudden with restlessness and fear of death, Panic Attacks, Aconite 30X or 200X,1/2 hourly (3 Doses)Prolonged with periodic and panic attacks Arsenic Alb.200X, 4 hourly (3 Doses) With fainting spells; profuse sweating; worse in the morning Sulphur 30X or 200X 3 hourly (3 Doses) Makes patient walk fast; due to anticipation Argentum Nit 200X, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Worse lying in bed and closing the eyes Carbo Veg 30X or 200X, 4 hourly (6 Doses) Anxiety aggravated by upward or downward motion; going in an elevator; worse till 11 P.M, Borax 200X or 1M, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Anxious about business even when seriously ill Bryonia Alba 200X 3 hourly (3 Doses) Full of apprehensions in the evening Causticum 200X, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Anxiety and fears in the evening with restlessness and palpitation Calcarea Carb.200X or 1M, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Anxiety worsewhile lying still. Sad music ameliorates the complaints Manganum Acet 200X 3 hourly (3 Doses)Anxiety due to fright, fear,exciting news; stage fright; worse while appearing for examination or interview etc Gelsemium 30X or 200X 3 hourly (6 Doses) Mood Swings, Anxiety due to grief or shock in the subconscious mind Ignatia 200X or 1M, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Anxiety; better after eating Anacardium Or 30X, 4 hourly.DEPRESSION&GRIEF(Bereavement) :-Severe shock due to sudden death of loved ones; restlessness, anxiety and fear Aconite 200X. 10 min (3 Doses) Prolonged mournings; cannot overcome the loss of loved ones and/or Mood Swings. Ignatia 1M or 10M, 6 hourly (3 Doses) When the grief is in the conscious mind; patient weeps; does not like sympathy Natrum Mur.200X or 1M, 6 hourly (3 Doses) For chronic grief and indignation Staphysagria 200X or 1M, weekly (3 Doses) Depression with suicidal thoughts feeling of worthlessness, Aurum Met 30X, three times a day half hour before meals.Take the remedy which is similar to your symptoms. No side effects or complications if taken as directed, please do not exceed the given dosage and under any circumstances do not try to mix any remedies and avoid Chocolates, Mints, Coffee, Red Meat, Alcoholic and Carbonated drinks, Spicy Rich Food while taking any Homeopathic remedies, and keep the medicines away from direct sunlight, heat strong smells and perfumes and do not store them in the fridge.Curing without any side effects or Complications Thats the Beauty of Homeopathic Medicine (Cures Par Excellence)For more on Homeopathy and How to treat your depression please read this :- http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Aqthp4Q2t0Pd4PSQZrDIMWvty6IX?qid=20070810012854AA2Q9ao&show=7#profile-info-MQKqucjdaaTake Care and God Bless You !

QUESTION ID: CV68P5H8IJP15YK
QUESTION SUBJECT: what is LEUKEMIA and how that disease is connected to the word Blood cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85695
What is leukemia?Leukemia is cancer of the blood cells. Blood cells are made by your bone marrow, which is the soft tissue in the middle of most bones. In leukemia, the bone marrow starts making too many white blood cells, and sometimes these cells don t work right. These cells keep growing when they are supposed to stop. They also grow faster than your other cells. Over time, these abnormal cells crowd out your normal white blood cells, red blood cells, and platelets. Your white blood cells help your body fight infection. Your red blood cells make sure all your body parts have the oxygen they need. Your platelets keep you from bleeding too much. When the leukemia cells crowd out your normal cells, your blood cannot do its job. You may bleed or bruise easily, get sick more often, and feel very tired. Are there different types of leukemia?There are four main types of leukemia. Acute leukemia gets worse very quickly. People with acute leukemia often feel sick right away. Chronic leukemia gets worse slowly, and you may not have any symptoms until later on in the illness. Those two kinds of leukemia are divided according to which kind of white blood cells are involved, lymphocytes or myelocytes.Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). ALL is the most common leukemia in children. Adults also get it. Acute myelogenous leukemia (AML). AML affects both children and adults. Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). CLL is the most common leukemia in adults, especially older adults. Children almost never get it. It mostly affects people who are older than 55. Chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). CML occurs mostly in adults. What causes leukemia?Experts do not know what causes leukemia. They do not know why some people get it and others do not. It is likely that the different types of leukemia have different causes.Research has shown that some people may be more likely to get leukemia. A risk factor is anything that raises your chance of getting a disease. Risk factors for leukemia include chemotherapy treatment, being exposed to large amounts of radiation or some chemicals in the workplace, and smoking and tobacco use.Most people who get leukemia do not have any risk factors.What are the symptoms?Symptoms may include:Fevers and night sweats. Frequent infections. Weakness and fatigue. Headaches. Bruising of the skin and bleeding from the gums or rectum. Joint pain. Swelling in the belly or pain on the left side of the belly or in the left shoulder from a swollen spleen. Swollen lymph nodes in the armpit, neck, or groin. Decreased appetite and weight loss because you feel full and don t want to eat. The chronic forms of leukemia often cause no symptoms at first.How is leukemia diagnosed?If your doctor thinks you might have leukemia, he or she will ask questions about your past and present symptoms, do a physical exam, and order blood tests.If your blood tests are not normal, a test of cells from inside your bone marrow, called a bone marrow biopsy, is usually needed to diagnose leukemia.How is it treated?Treatment depends on what kind of leukemia you have and how far along it is. Treatment can range from watchful waiting to a bone marrow transplant. Usually it includes chemotherapy and sometimes radiation treatments.hope i could help bballstar102194@yahoo.com
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39767
leukaemia is another name of blood cancer... the blood cells get cancerous and the percentage of red blood cells are reduced while the cancerous cells increase the percentage of white cells...the cancerous cells keep affecting other red cells that are responsible for carrying oxygen through out the body... until today no known remedy for cure is known... people are going for bone marrow transplant operation for replacing the bone marrow that generates blood... however cure is not sure...Canadian scientists are in the final stage of experiments for introducing a medicine made out of dichloroacitate (DCH) that would be able to cure all type of cancers including leukaemia..let us hope for the best...

QUESTION ID: CX4FOME17PLL5RT
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why can t Doctors inject you with HDL?
QUESTION CONTENT: It seems that science should be able to manufacture HDL and then be able to add it to the bloodstream via some method.    Sounds simple but I m sure it s not.     Probably has to do with blood chemistry and metabolism.    Thanks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 40201
Raising HDLGiven this data, one could ask why more attention is not paid to raising HDL levels rather than lowering LDL levels. The answer to this question is multifaceted. In part, the reason is that LDL cholesterol drew early researchers attention more than did HDL. Hence, much of the thrust of cholesterol research (including clinical trials) was directed at the effects of lowering LDL. Likewise, pharmaceutical company research enjoyed early success at developing medicines to lower LDL. Taken together, these factors tended to thrust LDL into the limelight . On the other hand, although epidemiologically more important than LDL, efforts to emphasize the benefit of raised HDL came later. In large part this was due to the absence of effective, safe, and well-tolerated medicines with which to increase HDL. Although the use of niacin and fibrates will often lead to increased HDL levels, the former is poorly tolerated, and both have a number of other effects on cholesterol and triglyceride levels (meaning that no conclusions could be drawn on the basis of their ability to raise HDL, but, instead, would have to be based on their total spectrum of effects on blood lipids). Finally, at this point (2007), both physicians and the lay public have been instructed and educated for years with respect to the whys and the how-to s of LDL lowering. To change the paradigm at this stage would take a huge (and expensive) effort.As of 2006, randomized clinical trials have demonstrated significant reduction of atherosclerosis progression and cardiovascular events with treatments that increase HDL-cholesterol (nicotinic acid or a fibrate). [5]Pharmacological therapy to increase the level of HDL cholesterol includes use of fibrates and niacin. Consumption of niacin, an immediate release crystallin form of Vitamin B3, can increase HDL levels by 15???30%, and is the most powerful agent currently available to increase HDL-cholesterol. [6][7]The use of statins is effective against high levels of LDL cholesterol, but it has little or no effect in raising HDL-cholesterol.[8]The use of antioxidants in combination with statin and niacin therapy reduces the effectiveness of Niacin by 33%. (NIH HATS).Torceptrapid, a promising new drug developed by Pfizer to raise HDL by inhibition of cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP), was terminated after several patients suddenly died during the trial study.Certain changes in lifestyle can have a positive impact on raising HDL levels:[9]
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 742
and why not to increase HDL in your diet, you can mostly find it in olive oil, isn t that easier

QUESTION ID: CXT8NIR13SMN375
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does high cholesterol affect the heart?
QUESTION CONTENT: And  what numbers are considered good and bad for the heart?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9912
Look dear,cholesterol causes thickening of the vessel wall what is called atheromatous plaque.When cholesterol deposit it causes rigidity of vessel wall,what is called atherosclerosis this causes overload on heart.Amongst vessels affected are the coronaries supplying heart itself,when they are constricted this causes hypoperfusion of cardiac ms which is felt only with conditions requiring more oxygen supply e.g exercise giving rise to exertional angina.Sorry I ve to go now .Bye
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35504
Please see the webpages for more details on Cholesterol. Cholesterol is a body fat or lipid. It is partly produced in the liver. Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL) carries cholesterol from the liver to the tissues while High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) carries the same from the tissues to the liver where it is broken down or excreted. Cholesterol is deposited in the inner layer of arteries particularly coronary arteries of the heart. This will block the supply of blood to the cardiac muscles. Thus cardiac muscles do not get sufficient oxygen. HDL is a good cholesterol and the other 3 are bad for the health.LDL-Less than 100 mg/dL (Normal)HDL-More than 50 mg/dL (Normal)Triglycerides-Less than 150 mg/dL (Normal).Serum cholesterol-150 to 250 mg/dL (Normal)Eat a low-cholesterol, low-fat diet. This kind of diet includes cottage cheese, fat-free milk, fish (not canned in oil), vegetables, poultry, egg whites, and polyunsaturated oils and margarines (corn, safflower, canola, and soybean oils). Avoid foods with excess fat in them such as meat (especially liver and fatty meat), egg yolks, whole milk, cream, butter, shortening, lard, pastries, cakes, cookies, gravy, peanut butter, chocolate, olives, potato chips, coconut, cheese (other than cottage cheese), coconut oil, palm oil, and fried foods.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35505
they contribute to the formation of the atherosclerotic plaqu...in theis way:excess fat (LDL: low density lipoprotien) is taken up by a type of wihte blood cells (macrophages) which become foam cell which accumulate on injured endothelium ( cells lining the inner surface of vessles)&form fatty streaks which progress to atherosclerotic plaque.. foam cells start secreting some medicatiors that stimulate endothelial cell prolifration and platelet aggregation....the plaques give rise to symproms of angina (heart muscles deprived from blood).. these plaques might rupute and get thrombosed (finbrin forms and a mesh-like network trapes bed cells........) this give rise to myocardial infarction (heart cell death)....BOTTOM LINE: it blocks the arteries that feed the heart (coronaries) and lead to heart mucsle death......

QUESTION ID: CY4JRVYZZAJRI8Q
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are my teeth extremely painful and sensitive after using Crest Whitestrips?
QUESTION CONTENT: I cannot eat or drink anything for at least 2 days after 1 application. I know these cause sensitivity, however, is this much pain normal?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74331
Your body could possibly be allergic or something. In the instructions if you are having problems like reduce the usage and if it continues stop using them all together. I would try a whitening toothpaste that is for people with sensitive teeth. I used them and I suffered absolutly no pain so I would see your doctor if it is that bad. Also the strips will not do anything to your tooth enamel it is the question most frequently asked on their website. Sensitive teeth and gumsSome people may experience tooth sensitivity or gum irritation when using whitening products ??? this is temporary and not harmful.If significant tooth sensitivity or gum discomfort develops, try using Crest Whitestrips only once per day rather than two times per day or stop for 2-3 days then resume once per day usage. If problem persists, discontinue using Crest Whitestrips.Additional InformationCrest Whitestrips Classic, Crest Whitestrips Premium and Crest Whitestrips Premium Plus contain peroxide, the same enamel-safe ingredient dentists use for tooth whitening. Extensive testing has shown the product to be safe when used as directed.Crest Whitestrips Classic, Crest Whitestrips Premium and Crest Whitestrips Premium Plus will only whiten natural teeth.They will not whiten caps, crowns, veneers, fillings, or dentures.Crest Whitestrips Classic, Crest Whitestrips Premium and Crest Whitestrips Premium Plus should not harm most dental work.Do not use with dental braces.If you have dental work or staining from medication, ask your dentist to determine if whitening is appropriate.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23076
The enamel of your teeth are being eaten away by the strips.

QUESTION ID: CYV0BLV85F7TAXO
QUESTION SUBJECT: why the sky is seen blue - you all know that there s nothing such colour out there - then why colour BLUE?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79091
The nitrogen and the oxygen molecules in the air have the right dimensions to scatter blue light, but other colors pass through with little problem. So this causes the sky to look blue. (whitish sunlight)-(blue light scattered)= (yellowish sunlight)As the sun sets (or rises), the sunlight passes through more air, and more blue light gets scatted, so the sunlight looks closer to orange or red(whitish sunlight)-(even more blue light scattered)=(red or orange sunlight)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13689
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue

QUESTION ID: D05QULK6VWOPM44
QUESTION SUBJECT: why did it take nazis only a month to invade poland?
QUESTION CONTENT: is their army that shitty??
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59139
These are good answers, especially Tim s, but not complete.For internal political reasons, the Polish army was mobilized and deployed forward to the German border rather thanform a more defensible line in the rear. As a result, with their air superiority, the Polish armies were very quickly surrounded, isolated, and destroyed one by one.It is true that the Soviet Union had invaded from the East on Sept 17, but by that time the bulk of the Polish resistance had been crushed. Large numbers of individual Polish soldiers were able to escape through Romania and then to France, only to be captured the following year trying to help the French army.Polish soldiers would play a part in many later battles through the war, such as the Battle of Britain, the Battle of Narvik, Operation Market-Garden, etc. Just like when almost everyone else had abandoned Napoleon in 1814 in Paris, the Poles were still fighting for him, and some would even accompany him to Elba in exile. We just don t know when to quit, I guess.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83684
Poland was also invaded by USSR in that month as part of the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact which diverted a large portion of their military, the Soviets took at least a quarter of a million pows, see also the Katyn massacre. Some Polish forces escaped to Romania and later took part in the defence of France, North Africa and Narvik and throughout the war operated with Allied forces, Polish fliers took part in the Battle of Britain scoring the highest number of kills per capita and Polish Naval elements operated in the North Atlantic. Polish intelligence and the underground made enormous contributions, for example, the breaking of the Enigma code and detailed information of the V2 missile system.

QUESTION ID: D0B4JX88LL0WUE0
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does an engine starts?
QUESTION CONTENT: How does an engine 4 stroke starts? if there s no fuel on it? first, it fills fuel in the cylinder, but how the cylinder goes down? by the weight exerted by the fuel?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5627
Engines are started by cranking electric motor or by starting air. The starting motor is geared to the flywheel. Because the engine has its flywheel, the stored energy in flywheel makes the the piston/pistons move up and down...The four(4) stroke engines works like this: 1) When it is cranked, the downward movement of piston (as primed by flyhweel and starter motor) intake mixture of gasoline and air ( or purely air in diesel) from the opening of its intake valve/valves.2) As the cranking continues, the upward movement of piston compressed the air/fuel mixture while all the valves are close.Upon reaching the ignition timing/injection timing (usually above 10 to 25 befor TDC) the mxture is ignited.3) Upon ignition, you have now down ward movement again. This now your power stroke and transmit power to the shaft.4) The engine now has its own power and rotation now continues with its initial power and the power stored in flyhweel. The up stroke of piston after the power stroke wil exhaust by product of combustion inside the cylinder/s.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5628
I think you are winding me up, but basically that s how you get an engine started - by winding it up.You need to get the piston(s) moving up and down, either with a starting handle, an electric motor, compressed air, or some other form of starting power.

QUESTION ID: D2NMEX6PDZ32UAT
QUESTION SUBJECT: how long do saturn go around the sun?
QUESTION CONTENT: how long does it take to go to saturn?how many rings?why did they name it saturn?how long does it take for the rings to go around saturn?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88360
Length of Year is 29.5 years
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23233
Saturn s shape is visibly flattened at the poles and bulging at the equator (an oblate spheroid); its equatorial and polar diameters vary by almost 10% (120,536 km vs. 108,728 km). This is the result of its rapid rotation and fluid state. The other gas planets are also oblate, but to a lesser degree. Saturn is also the only one of the Solar System s planets less dense than water, with an average specific density of 0.69. This is only an average value, however; Saturn s upper atmosphere is less dense and its core is considerably more dense than water.Saturn s interior is similar to Jupiter s, having a rocky core at the center, a liquid metallic hydrogen layer above that, and a molecular hydrogen layer above that. Traces of various ices are also present. Saturn has a very hot interior, reaching 12000 K at the core, and it radiates more energy into space than it receives from the Sun. Most of the extra energy is generated by the Kelvin-Helmholtz mechanism (slow gravitational compression), but this alone may not be sufficient to explain Saturn s heat production. An additional proposed mechanism by which Saturn may generate some of its heat is the raining out of droplets of helium deep in Saturn s interior, the droplets of helium releasing heat by friction as they fall down through the lighter hydrogen.Saturn s temperature emissions, the prominent hot spot at the bottom of the image is right at Saturn s south poleEnlargeSaturn s temperature emissions, the prominent hot spot at the bottom of the image is right at Saturn s south poleSaturn s atmosphere exhibits a banded pattern similar to Jupiter s (in fact, the nomenclature is the same), but Saturn s bands are much fainter and they re also much wider near the equator. Saturn s winds are among the Solar System s fastest; Voyager data indicates peak easterly winds of 500 m/s (1116 mph).(1) Saturn s finer cloud patterns were not observed until the Voyager flybys. Since then, however, Earth-based telescopy has improved to the point where regular observations can be made.Saturn s usually-bland atmosphere occasionally exhibits long-lived ovals and other features common on Jupiter; in 1990 the Hubble Space Telescope observed an enormous white cloud near Saturn s equator which was not present during the Voyager encounters and in 1994 another, smaller storm was observed. The 1990 storm was an example of a Great White Spot, a unique but short-lived Saturnian phenomenon with a roughly 30-year periodicity. Previous Great White Spots were observed in 1876, 1903, 1933, and 1960, with the 1933 storm being the most famous. The careful study of these episodes reveal interesting patterns; if it holds another storm will occur in ~2020.(2)Astronomers using infrared imaging have shown that Saturn has a warm polar vortex, and is the only planet in the solar system known to do so.Since Saturn does not rotate on its axis at a uniform rate, two rotation periods have been assigned to it, like in Jupiter s case: System I has a period of 10 h 14 min 00 s (844.3??/d) and encompasses the Equatorial Zone, which extends from the northern edge of the South Equatorial Belt to the southern edge of the North Equatorial Belt. All other Saturnian latitudes have been assigned a rotation period of 10 h 39 min 24 s (810.76??/d), which is System II. System III, based on radio emissions from the planet, has a period of 10 h 39 min 22.4 s (810.8??/d); because it is very close in value to System II, it has largely superseded it.While approaching Saturn in 2004, the Cassini spacecraft found that the radio rotation period of Saturn had increased slightly, to approximately 10 h 45 m 45 s (?? 36 s). [2]The cause of the change is unknown.

QUESTION ID: D3NKO16IOK7DKTB
QUESTION SUBJECT: losing weight- how do i do it?!! ive tried but no difference?
QUESTION CONTENT: yeh im 14, 55kg, 5 4, please dont tell me i dont need 2 lose weight ive had enough of that, im not planning on losing much either just enough to look good in a bikini. im only eating around 500 calories a day but not out of choice, i just eat really healthy and no processed foods and i dont get hungry :P help please cause i think 500 is slowing my metabolism!!! please food ideas anything but it needs to be something not too complicated
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59565
Google search mastercleanser .  I lost 70 lbs. in under 4 months by doing this cleansing diet for 10 days every three weeks.  I also rode a bike  or walked everywhere that I went.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63460
Start a diet - any diet you find and like. I can suggest you Winter diet for beginning.Exercise - it can be just walk (5 km per day at the beginning), run, dance,swimChange the diet after two weeks - start new one, continuing exercising. The secret is the body not to get used with the particular dietDo not give up if you do not lose weight as fast as you want. The body needs time to react.Other tips and working diets www best-fat-burn-strategies comGood luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63461
1) Keep it simple firsthere s 2 articles on eating healthy -http://lose-quick-weight.blogspot.com/2007/08/lose-quick-weight-sensible-ways-to-shed.htmlhttp://diets-and-exercise.blogspot.com/2007/09/take-control-of-your-body-with-healthy.htmlAND steps for fat loss successhttp://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/11/6-steps-to-fat-loss-success-for.html2) Eat steam food, vegetables, fruits, lean meathttp://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/09/lose-10-pound-fast-key-superfoods-you.html3) drink plenty of water and green tea4) Avoid junk food, snacks and soda drinkshere s 5 Foods for Instant Healthier Diet http://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/11/5-foods-for-instant-healthier-diet.html5) have 5-6 healthy meals a day (1 plate size only) to keep the tummysatisfiedIf you re not too sure on how to plan it, try this linkhttp://best.helpme-loseweight.ever.com/6) exercise - combine weights  and interval training.  here s a review link to a worthwhile workout, turbulence traininghttp://www.squidoo.com/turbulencetrainingreviews/http://healthiest.turbulence-training-routine.ever.com/29 exercises you can do at home to burn belly fathttp://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/11/29-exercises-you-can-do-at-home-to-burn.htmlFor abs, read these blogs (great articles on abs) - http://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/09/abdominal-exercises-truth.htmlhttp://www.squidoo.com/thetruthabout-sixpackabs1/and for women after the age of 30http://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/11/how-women-can-get-six-pack-abs-even.htmland learn why crunches is not the answerhttp://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/11/how-to-get-6-pack-abs-without-doing.htmlhttp://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/09/what-is-best-ab-workout-for-belly-fat.htmlFor Thighs and Buttshttp://lose-quick-weight.blogspot.com/2007/11/best-thigh-exercises-for-sexy-thighs.html7)Don t focus on cardio only (it a waste of time!)http://lose-quick-weight.blogspot.com/2007/08/lose-quick-weight-cardio-is-waste-of.html 8)form a support group - invite friends, relatives, parents, partnersto participate in a healthy lifestyle, and keep you accountable.  Thisis important.9) plan to lose weight slowly (1-2 lbs a week), and progressivelyovertime increase yourgoals!

QUESTION ID: D4S3QN1MDG7T5NH
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people home school their kids? Are the public schools not good enough?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39674
Different parents have different reasons.  Sometimes it s so the parents can integrate religious education into their childrens studies, often parents don t feel the public school in their area is up to par, some parents would like their children to have time&access to classes most public schools don t offer without taking up their whole life with classes&homework, and some parents feel their kids can move along much faster in their studies on their own.  (This is almost always the case because a huge amount of time is wasted in classes while other kids ask questions or need discipline, or the teacher is explaining something that other kids need but your child may already have down solid.)The success of homeschooling really depends on the parents.  I ve seen homeschooled kids that have no social skills whatsoever and also kids who are behind their grade level, but I also have seen homeschool work great.  There is a family from my church that homeschools and the kids are all socially well-adjusted, ahead of grade level, and are very normal happy teenagers because they do a lot of things with other homeschooled kids.  This particular family homeschools for pretty much all of the reasons I listed, and specifically because it is a very musical family and they are able to be involved in private lessons and performance groups during the day without giving up their social lives.  The kids social development is just as important as academics and unfortunately not all parents realize that, but there are some great homeschool parents that do and really make an effort to get their kids involved in group activities.So basically no, the public schools are not good enough, and we really need to work to change that because homeschooling is really only a possibility for families that can afford a stay-at-home parent.  Not many families can do that these days from a financial standpoint.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39675
You ve asked a wonderful question.My husband (a junior high teacher) and I (a former elementary teacher) were first drawn to homeschooling because of the social atmosphere at school--we did not like what we saw, what our kids would be growing up in. Public schools can do nothing about that unless they are to tell parents how to parent their children and return to the multi-level classrooms (like the one-room schoolhouse) where a more natural social organization is in place.We also began to realize that public schools are offering a particular type of education, offered at a specific pace. Since we do not have to accept this offer, we decided to turn it down. We know, as teachers, that it makes far more sense to allow the child who is learning quickly to go on ahead (but you can t usually do that) and to give more time to the child who needs more time. Having taken courses in developmental psychology, we also know that there s nothing that says that every child is going to be ready at the same age to do the same thing. Just as there is variation in when kids learn to speak or learn to walk, there is variation as to when they are ready to learn other things. Our school system, however, is not set up to recognize either the development of the child nor what is in its best educational interests. Its purpose is to provide a set education to everybody every year, which means it has the content pre-decided, as well as the rate.This is all fine for most people--that s why they send their kids to school. For others, they decide that they d like something different for their kids (be it socially, academically or other) or their kids and the system are not working well together so they make the move to pull the kids out. Just as some reject their neighbourhood public schools to go with specialized programs in magnet or charter schools, or even opting for private schools, including boarding schools, others are prepared to take the challenge on themselves in what they feel is the best interest of their children.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39676
Pretty much...they weren t good enough for my children, and I had the option to homeschool. Reasons include academic, social and emotional.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39677
There s a lot of danger in being too general. People homeschool their kids for different reasons, and sometimes those have nothing to do with the public schools.If you re asking why I homeschool my 6th grader, I can answer that. He was depressed, and threatening suicide, because of bullying in his school. The teachers and administrators did their best, but I was afraid of losing my son. I pulled him out, and am homeschooling him. He s going back to school in 7th grade.My daughter goes to 3rd grade in public school.Why do people homeschool their kids? Usually, because they think it s best for their kids.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53339
my parents home schooled their kids because the didn t like it when plan parent hood came around and those little classes got into school. turns out they were right cause look at all the teen pregnancy s now days
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53340
No, the public schools are NOT good enough. We live in Michiana Shores IN and it s a lakefront community so you would THINK that the schools are good. Not so. They are notorious for violence. I have been homeschooled ever since I was 6. Now I m 14. It s ok. There is a common misconception that homeschoolers sit in a corner of a little dark room and sit with their head in a book all day. No! Homeschooling is sitting learning for half the day, just like public school kids, but then extracurricular activities are the other half. You CAN NOT homeschool without other HS families. You need to join your local hs group and join the activites, like 4-H, Jr.Leaders, Teen Advisory Board at your library, Spelling bee s, and other things like that. Sitting in the room is only a part of the picture. Being with your friends is the other part.

QUESTION ID: D5OHIT1YI5K7X7I
QUESTION SUBJECT: PLEASE HELP ME! Why is the pressure below the parachute higher than atmospheric pressure?
QUESTION CONTENT: A parachute slows your descent after you jump out of a plane. In the parachute s frame of reference, wind is blowing upward toward it and its large area creates a great deal of upward drag force. This drag opposes your weight and slows your fall.As air rushes past the parachute, the pressure above and below the cloth become different. Why is the pressure below the parachute higher than atmospheric pressure?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3442
This is according to the bernouli s theorom which says that sum of all the energy of fluid is always const. i.e.KE of fluid + PE of fluid + pressure enrgy of fluid. = const.Remember air is also a fluid.In this case the as u move upper and upper the velocity of air increases thereby incresing its KE and decreasing its presure energy.So this is how the pressure enrgy is less in lower heights and good in higher heights.The same pressure is also low in higher places than the lower places.Note: Incresing velocity of air as u go upwards is because there is nothing object the flow of air as u go higher and higher.I hope u understand if not ask me again.Regards Harish.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3443
The large area of the parachute which is descending down due to earth s gravitational pull, compresses the air below it.In reaction, [ By newton s third law]the air pushes the parachute upward. If the upward force or pressure is equal to the weight of the parachute, then it will descend with constant speed.If the upward pressure is greaterthan the weight of the parachute then the parachute will go up.Since upward pressure is equal to the weight of the volume of air displaced, it will always be less than the weight of the parachute.If the upward pressure is lower than the weight of the parachute then it will descend down with some acceleration but less than the acceleration due to gravity.

QUESTION ID: D67O0NQJDUL1CM7
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do migrating birds fly in v formation?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69049
Scientists who have studied formation flight believe that birds fly in this way for two reasons. The first reason is that the shape of the formation reduces the drag force that each bird experiences compared to if it were flying alone. This decrease in drag occurs thanks to the formation of wingtip vortices described in previous articles. These vortices are generally undesirable because they create a downwash that increases the induced drag on a wing in flight. However, this downwash is also accompanied by an upwash that can be beneficial to a second wing flying behind and slightly above the first.A bird flying in one of these upwash regions essentially gains free lift so that it can fly at a lower angle of attack. As angle of attack is reduced, the induced drag is also lowered so that the bird does not need to flap its wings as hard or as often to generate the thrust needed for forward flight. Flapping the wings less often means that the bird s muscles do not work as hard and its heart rate drops. As a result, the bird does not tire as quickly and is able to fly farther. Researchers explored this theory by monitoring pelican heartbeats during flight. Examination of the data showed that the heart rates of pelicans flying in formation were much lower than thatof a bird flying alone. Other studies have estimated that a flock of 25 birds in formation can fly as much as 70% further than a solo bird using the same amount of energy. Theoretical investigations further support these observations of birds in formation flight. By spacing themselves apart properly, birds can achieve optimum positions that reduce the drag of every bird in the formation. However, not all birds benefit equally. Your speculation about the lead bird being in the best position is actually incorrect. This bird has to work the hardest since it flies into undisturbed air. The upwash that this bird creates improves the aerodynamics of the two behind it, and these two further improve conditions for the next two birds in line. The majority of the benefit goes to the birds further aft, but the front bird does still gain some reduction in drag. The presence of the two birds flanking the leader helps to dissipate the downwash off the lead bird s wingtips and reduces the induced drag this bird experiences. These two flanking birds also benefit from a similar reduction in drag if outboard birds flank them as well. In other words, the birds in the middle of each of the lines forming the V are in the best position. These birds benefit from the upwash off the lead birds as well as off the trailing birds. This additional bonus means that birds in the middle experience less drag than either the lead bird or the bird at the end of each line.  Even though the V formation benefits all of the birds, the bird in the lead position has to work the hardest. When this bird tires, it will drop out of the lead position and fall further back into one of the lines of the V. Another bird from further back will rapidly move forward to take the leading position and maintain the formation. The two birds in the furthest trailing positions also tire more rapidly than those in the middle, so these positions are also rotated frequently to spread the most fatiguing locations throughout the flock. This cyclical rearrangement gives all birds the responsibility of being the leader as well as a chance to enjoy the maximum benefits of being in the middle of the formation. This sense of teamwork comes naturally since even the youngest members of the flock rapidly realize that it takes less work to fly in a V formation than it does to fly alone. Another theory as to why birds fly in formation is that this orientation allows the birds to communicate more easily. The V formation provides the birds with good visual contact of each other to keep the flock together. This communication minimizes the possibility of losing birds along the way as the formation crosses vast distances during migration. Although manned aircraft can also exploit the benefits of formation flight, it is difficult to do so since we still lag behind nature in the ability of our technology to feel the air and adapt to it for optimum performance. Close formation flight among a group of aircraft is often difficult to maintain because of the turbulence created by the lead aircraft. Perhaps one day we will be able to develop advanced technologies that make aircraft as sensitive to their surroundings as the body of a bird is today. We may then be able to make better use of formation flight to improve the efficiency of flying vehicles. check this link it hass u want with pictures
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16500
I think people already said some stuff, but bascially there is a updraft from the bird in front and they save about 15% more energy I think.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18972
The V formation gives every bird behind the lead bird the same sort of assistance and push.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22596
Swimmers and bicyclists draft off the person ahead of them because of the reduction in wind or water resistance. I had never thought about birds, but it makes perfect sense.In triathlon, drafting is illegal because you are taking the benefit of the work the athelete in front of you is doing. In bicycle racing though, it s standard to ride in packs.

QUESTION ID: D7MUIUR1Q7JQ1Q4
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is there a need 2 change water level in the panama canal to convey ships,if water maintains its own level?
QUESTION CONTENT: since all the oceans and seas in the world r interconnected,and keeping in mind the basic knowledge that water does not abrupltly change its level but does so gradually,y is the need for a water level adjustment system to pass ships through in the panama canal??
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 61317
Explanation: Knowing that there are differences in water levels on both sides of the Panama Channel give rise to locks which are water compartnments to adjust or moderate these differences . But why need 2 changes of water level, why not just 1?  To understand this phenomenum, you just need to look into the ice tray of your refrigerator. Many compartments in 1 tray right?  Do you noticed that you can till the tray and not much water spill out. If it is make up of just 1 tray without any sub-division, a slight tilt will cause much of the water content to spill. Thus the one with many compartments can take a higher difference in elevation of tilt.This phenomenum is also used in the oil container ship. Having many compartments allow the ship to tilt or row on the high sea without causing it to overturn.Hope this helps to explain why the 2 nos. of locks are reuqired.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2093
You are taking the ship up over 100 feet because of the land elevation.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20865
You are wrong.  water on the pacific and the atlantic are not at the same level.. And those two oceans are only interconnected because the human hand did this (by building the canal) IT has always been at different levels..>So your basic knowledge about the water s level iis wrong...Sorry
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61318
the water levels are not the same. i was in california, and the  there is a spot in the ocean where the various levels of water constantly clash, foam, and spill into each other. that has been going on for millions of years, and wiil continue for   another million.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61319
The canal consists of seventeen artificial lakes, several improved and artificial channels, and three sets of locks. An additional artificial lake, Alajuela Lake (known during the American era as Madden Lake), acts as a reservoir for the canal. The layout of the canal as seen by a ship transiting from the Pacific end to the Atlantic is as follows:[16]Due to the local geography, the main direction of sailing is north-westward, whereas the global direction from Pacific to Atlantic is eastward.From the buoyed entrance channel in the Gulf of Panama (Pacific side), ships travel 13.2 km (8.2 mi) up the channel to the Miraflores locks, passing under the Bridge of the Americas The two-stage Miraflores lock system, including the approach wall, is 1.7 kilometres (1.1 mi) long, with a total lift of 16.5 meters (54 ft) at mid-tide The artificial Miraflores Lake is the next stage, 1.7 kilometers (1.0 mi) long, and 16.5 metres (54 ft) above sea level The single-stage Pedro Miguel lock, which is 1.4 kilometres (0.8 mi) long, is the last part of the ascent with a lift of 9.5 meters (31 ft) up to the main level of the canal The Gaillard (Culebra) Cut slices 12.6 kilometres (7.8 mi) through the continental divide at an altitude of 26 metres (85 ft), and passes under the Centennial Bridge The Chagres River (R??o Chagres), a natural waterway enhanced by the damming of Lake Gat??n, runs west about 8.5 kilometres (5.3 mi), merging into Lake Gatun Gatun Lake, an artificial lake formed by the building of the Gatun Dam, carries vessels 24.2 kilometers (15.0 mi) across the isthmus The Gat??n locks, a three-stage flight of locks 1.9 kilometres (1.2 mi) long, drop ships back down to sea level A 3.2 kilometer (2.0 mi) channel forms the approach to the locks from the Atlantic side Lim??n Bay (Bah??a Lim??n), a huge natural harbour, provides an anchorage for some ships awaiting transit, and runs 8.7 kilometres (5.4 mi) to the outer breakwater Thus, total length of the canal is 77.1 km (47.9mi).

QUESTION ID: D8NT73S0KKL3RTA
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you get ride of stress?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 57401
stress sucks dude.. the best stress reliever i can recommend is exercise.. it takes your focus off what s bothering you and hey it s just good in general.. exercise also releases serotonin, dopamine and a few other nuerotransmitters in your brain.. serotonin helps you sleep and dopamine is related to pleasure and happiness.. it also releases endorphins which are the bodies natural pain killers and are associated with runner s high .. and it s been shown in clinical studies to quickly and effectively treat anxiety and depression..other than exercise you could try deep breathing, muscle relaxation techniques, meditation, listening to music, or talking to a friend about it.. and if you feel it s bad enough then maybe talk therapy could help.. hope this helps and i hope ya get rid of some of that stress soon!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10754
Try masturbating.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35622
Homeopathic Remedies for Anxiety / Panic Attacks / Stress (Totally safe, without any side effects or complications of any sort) :-ANXIETY / PANIC ATTACKS&STRESS :-Sudden with restlessness and fear of death, Panic Attacks, Aconite 30X or 200X,1/2 hourly (3 Doses)Prolonged with periodic and panic attacks Arsenic Alb.200X, 4 hourly (3 Doses) With fainting spells; profuse sweating; worse in the morning Sulphur 30X or 200X 3 hourly (3 Doses) Makes patient walk fast; due to anticipation Argentum Nit 200X, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Worse lying in bed and closing the eyes Carbo Veg 30X or 200X, 4 hourly (6 Doses) Anxiety aggravated by upward or downward motion; going in an elevator; worse till 11 P.M, Borax 200X or 1M, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Anxious about business even when seriously ill Bryonia Alba 200X 3 hourly (3 Doses) Full of apprehensions in the evening Causticum 200X, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Anxiety and fears in the evening with restlessness and palpitation Calcarea Carb.200X or 1M, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Anxiety worse while lying still. Sad music ameliorates the complaints Manganum Acet 200X 3 hourly (3 Doses)Anxiety due to fright, fear,exciting news; stage fright; worse while appearing for examination or interview etc Gelsemium 30X or 200X 3 hourly (6 Doses) Mood Swings, Anxiety due to grief or shock in the subconscious mind Ignatia 200X or 1M, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Anxiety; better after eating Anacardium Or 30X, 4 hourly.Take the remedy which is similar to your symptoms. No side effects or complications if taken as directed, please do not exceed the given dosage and under any circumstances do not try to mix any remedies and avoid Chocolates, Mints, Coffee, Red Meat, Alcoholic and Carbonated drinks, Spicy Rich Food while taking any Homeopathic remedies, and keep the medicines away from direct sunlight, heat strong smells and perfumes and do not store them in the fridge.Curing without any side effects or Complications Thats the Beauty of Homeopathic Medicine (Cures Par Excellence)Take Care and God Bless you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49534
I run loads of laps
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49535
Breathing exercises and slow stretching exercises. Kind of like Isometrics in slo mo. Visualize a quiet place I ve been to that makes me feel peaceful. Surround yourself with little reminders of your happy place when you need a quick unwind. For me, white carnations.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49547
its hardbelieve me i stress over everythingtthis is what i dowhen ever i fin myself thinking way to much about something totaly streessing over the outcome or the situation that i have no controll over i wiill stop write it don and then think i could be worse off i look at and try and make things positive, i am alive... i have my health... i have a job... i could be starving in africa, i could be a 10yo with cancer, i could have thngs worse!sometimes i need to snap myself back in to realtygoin for walks helpsor talking it over with people like i call my mum whenever i start stressing i dont tell her that i am but she seems to make me feel better
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57402
Find out what causes the stress and then eliminate it. Stress is caused by yourself and therefor you need to identify the stress factor. Try deep breathing technics and relaxation. You can get relaxation tapes or CD s at the book store.

QUESTION ID: DA3JTS1NRGBFH4O
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I find the range of values k can take for 2x*2 +(3-k)x + 3 = 0 to have two real roots?
QUESTION CONTENT: I don t know what this even means lol!2x*2 = 2x to the power of 2So what is the range of values?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 67117
Standard form for a quadratic equation is ax^2 + bx + c =0.So, for your equation, a = 2, b = (3-k) and c = 3.Now, b^2-4ac is called the discriminant and when it s value is greater than 0, there are two real roots.  So, let s calculate the discriminant.b^2-4ac = (3-k)^2 - 4(2)(3)             = (9-6k+k^2) - 18              = k^2-6k-9Now, we need to see where this equation has a range greater than zero.  We can apply the quadradic formula to find this out (i.e., where it is zero).k=(6+-Sqrt(36-4(1)(-9))/2k=(6+Sqrt(72))/2 and k=(6-Sqrt(72))/2So to be greater than 0, k must be greater than (6+Sqrt(72))/2 or less than (6-Sqrt(72))/2.   When k is in this range there will be two real roots to the original equation.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8033
2x(2)+(3-k)x+3=04x+3x-kx+3=0(7-k)x= -37-k=-3/xk=7+3/x
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59843
This needs to be checked.Use the quadratic formula.  The roots are real if and only if the value of (b^2 - 4*a*c) is non-negative.I assume the equation is actually2*x^2  +  (3-k)*x  +  3  =   0, sob = 3 - k,   a = 2, and c = 3.  Plug these in and solve for values of k giving a non-negative value of the above expression.(3-k)^2 - 4*2*3>=  03 - k>=  -sqrt(24)k<=  3 + sqrt(24)(also:  3 - k>=  +sqrt(24), so k<=  3 - sqrt(24) but that s included)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67118
 Two real roots means the function crosses the x-axis at two real numbers.Use quadratic formulax = -b plus/minus sqrt(b^2 - 4*a*c) / 2ax = (k-3) * sqrt((k-3)^2 - 4(2)(3)) / 2(a)the radicand cannot be negative, so0 = (k-3)^2 - 4(2)(3)24 = (k-3)^2plus/minus 2sqrt6 = k - 3k = 3 +/- 2sqrt6k is less than 3 - 2sqrt6 ork is greater than 3 + 2sqrt6
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67119
For there to be two real roots, we need the discriminant to be positive.Discriminant is b^2 - 4ac.(3-k)^2 - 4(2)(3)>09 - 6k + k^2 - 24>0k^2 - 6k - 15>0Solving for k we getk = (6 +/- sqrt(6^2 - 4(1)(-15)))/2   = (6 +/- sqrt(36 + 60))/2   = (6 +/- sqrt(96))/2   = (6 +/- 4 sqrt(6))/2   = 3 +/- 2 sqrt(6)So for k = 3 + 2 sqrt(6) or k = 3 - 2 sqrt(6), k^2 - 6k - 15 = 0For k>3 + 2 sqrt(6) or k<k = 3 - 2 sqrt(6), k^2 - 6k - 15>0So for k>3 + 2 sqrt(6) or k<k = 3 - 2 sqrt(6),  2x*2 +(3-k)x + 3 = 0 will have two real roots

QUESTION ID: DACSFF55HIBUM1E
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to naturally lower blood pressure?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87975
eat raw garlic. crush some garlic and put salt and olive oil and eat it with bread.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87976
Eat Quaker oats(otameal), garlic and stay away from fatty foods! Eat lots of fruits and vegetables. Eat lean meat (chicken and Fish). Exercise at least 90 minutes a week.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87977
Forgetting the fairy stories, these are evidence based non medicinal  therapies:1. Loose weight2. Keep a low salt diet: if daily ingestion of salt is limited to 2-4 grams (quite strict! Means adding no salt at all when cooking, and avoiding salty food like bacon) this could lower your systolic blood pressure, that is the upper blood pressure measurement (which according to the Framingham studies tells us more about complications like stroke, heart attack, heart failure, kidney failure etc.) around 5-9 mmHg, quite effective,  just like any good registered antihypertensive drug!3. Exercise frequently, twice but better still thrice weekly, upping your heart rate to 90% of the maximum heartrate (you can look that up on the web: http://home.hia.no/~stephens/hrchngs.htm ) which depends on your age, for 35 minutes (after warming up for 10 minutes, after exertion slow down for 15 minutes) lowers your systolic blood pressure around 5 mmHg for twice weekly to 9 mmHg for thrice weekly exercising.4. Relaxation therapy has been proven to be effective in 3 out of 4 subjects, and as long as you keep doing it it has been proven effective even after 5 years!5. Drink less alcohol (less than 2 drinks a day), less coffee (less than 3 cups a day), use no liquorice, and eat lots of (fresh) garlic and leeks.  Garlic capsules has not been proven clinically effective! You should try to do all above mentioned together if possible, which means a major life style adjustment.By the way, should you need medicines, according to NICE the formerly so popular betablockers are no longer the first choice due to lesser effect on stroke prevention (19% vs 38%).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87978
for mild hypertension the dash diet. Dietary approach to stop hypertension.  it is 5-7 servings of fruits/vegies fresh per day, whole grains only, brown rice, legumes low salt (i always rinse canned beans really good to get rid of that syrup and salt).don t worry about the salt, when you eat dash you automatically eat less because your filling up on good stuff you end up eating less of the bad.  and salt doesn t really cause hypertension for most, but an imbalance of salt potassium, magnesium/ calcium etc causes teh problem.also the imbalances contribute if not downright cause insulin resistance.RRRR

QUESTION ID: DAKM5CEO58MV0SK
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you get cervical cancer? and if your partner used a condom is it possible to still get this cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86519
Yes, it is still possible to get cervical cancer if you have used condoms.  However, many forms of cervical cancer are caused by the HPV virus.  On the other hand, not all strains of the HPV virus cause cervical cancer.HPV can infect skin not normally covered by a condom, so using a condom does not fully protect you from the virus. And people don???t realize they???re infected with HPV and may have no symptoms, so neither person may realize that the virus is being spread.It s always better to use a condom anyway, because AIDS and other STDs are much more common than cervical cancer.Getting regular pap smears can reduce your risk of getting a cervical cancer that can kill you as early detection of this cancer is key -- they can remove the abnormal cells before they progress.  So pap smears are very important if you are having sex at all.  The only way to completely avoid getting HPV and hence most forms of cervical cancer is by not having sex at all.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72280
see first you will get some infection may be borrowed from your sex partner but it is not always so !You may get it from UN hygienic way of living !Than you will get cervical erosion prior to this cervical cancer ! which is  treatable condition by electro therapy or by cauterization 1You may get white discharge coming out of your vagina itchingover it pain on back !etc !It is a wrong belief that woman gets this from the sex enjoyed ! Of course there is one theory that the sperm might get involed in causing this when woman is already have erosion !To use condom is a good practice to keep away from many disease and of course UN wanted pregnancy ! always YouRsmE

QUESTION ID: DAMFNI0V8URCRPW
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do we get scared when we see horror films???
QUESTION CONTENT: Please explain it clearly! Is it something to do with hormonal effect or something else!!????
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 53451
Psychological research shows that fear can be acquired either through conditioning process or by  experience . Conditioning means that fear is a learned response   Fears that are acquired by experience are believed to be developed by observing fear in others. Still other researchers believe that fear is a built-in symbiotic response passed down through generations...in other words, an animal response. Some philosophers have considered fear to be a useless emotion; other thinkers note the usefulness of fear as a warning of potentially unpleasant situations or consequences. Still others consider that fear is the fuel that feeds the ego.Fear is purely emotion....most times it is described as an unreasoning emotion. You KNOW that its only a movie, you KNOW that there are no such things as monsters , yet, you react.Fear also comes with a host of physiological changes...goose bumps, rapid breathing or holding breath, pounding heart, change in body temperature, sweating, blood pumping into the large muscle groups to allow escape, ie the legs....oops...I erred....I meant to say, genetic responses...not animal responses...sorry
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39980
Why do we cry at tragic dramas? Why do we laugh at comedies?When you watch a movie, you become wrapped up in the emotional world on the screen. You live vicariously through the characters. If it s a good movie, if the director, cinematographer, sound people&actors have done their job then they can affect how you feel. Horror movies use darkness, eerie music, sound effects, special effects&acting to build your suspense&then scare you with sudden movements, loud noises, a climax in the music etc. If it s not done well then you probably won t be scared, you may even laugh. Movies are magical because they draw us into another world where we suspend disbelief for those 2 hours. We forget our own lives&become absorbed in the world on the screen&therefore react as though we were one of the characters, experiencing vicariously through them...A lot of people (myself included!) like thrillers because they allow us to experience things that we never would in our own lives&from the safety of our own couches! It s a distraction from our real lives (which may have other real stresses). It s fun. Like a rollercoaster ride! An adrenaline rush. A relatively safe one!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39981
I think we hav fear in our genes,for exaample, when a shadow af the eagle is shown to a new born chick it gets afraid and tries to save itself ,likewise,every living being has the fear to save Itself which can be a danger to It,so it s in your brain to avid all dangers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53452
i guess it has to do with identification with the characters, scenes, contexts etc. they are possible and probable and they evoke our own fears because can picture ourselves in those circumstances. of course a lot other effects are deployed to spice even simple plots eg music, visual lighting, misdirection to achieve horror effects. look at mulholland drive or amity-ville. watch them in mute. no scare just strolling about. am not sure but experience has a lot to do with it. imagination also plays a role. it all works as long as we can identify with  what we see and hear that already lies hidden in the castle of our skin. a martian will not find it scary.

QUESTION ID: DB3L0C0ZKTF15HR
QUESTION SUBJECT: how many genes does a human being have?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73211
25,000Typical numbers of genes in an organismThe following table gives typical numbers of genes and genome size for some organisms. Estimates of the number of genes in an organism are somewhat controversial because they depend on the discovery of genes, and no techniques currently exist to prove that a DNA sequence contains no gene. (In early genetics, genes could be identified only if there were mutations, or alleles.) Nonetheless, estimates are made based on current knowledge.organism genes base pairsPlant<50,000<1011Human, mouse or rat 25,000 3??109Fruit Fly 13,767 1.3??108Honey bee 15,000 3??108Worm 19,000 9.7??107Fungus 6,000 1.3??107Bacterium 500???6,000 5??105???107Mycoplasma genitalium 500 580,000DNA virus 10???900 5,000???800,000RNA virus 1???25 1,000???23,000Viroid 0???1 ~500
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21850
good answer isci.  don t know if it is right, but it sure looks good.

QUESTION ID: DC0MWOT0V4FIVM2
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why when I have just tuned my Guitar and then play the open notes, then at the 12th fret are they not in tune?
QUESTION CONTENT: This is a Stratocaster copy can the strings be adjusted on body end?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 64448
Three things can cause this:1) You re not tuning it very well.2) You re pressing too hard on the strings or not pressing straight down on them (you re bending).3) The guitar needs some maintenance.  This is most likely the case.  Take the guitar to a good guitar shop and have them adjust everything and set the intonation.  Depending on how well the guitar is made, it may not be possible to dial in the intonation very well.You can attempt to do this yourself if you are reasonably adept at such things and are extremely careful.  There are plenty of books about guitar maintenance.  But be very careful if you go this route.  It s very easy to destroy a guitar if you blow it, especially when adjusting the neck.Edit:It s important to understand that a guitar has a number of adjustments that affect its sound and intonation.  You can t just say Oh, the problem is such-and-such and then change that, because it may need slight adjustments in multiple places.  Of the three things I listed above, the problem could be any combination or part of them.  The guitar must be properly adjusted overall or it will not play as well is it could.Many people work on their own instruments (including myself) - most don t.  The results vary from destroyed to perfect.  But based on the fact that you asked this question, I would not recommend that you work on your own guitar unless you are willing to risk destroying it in your learning process.  If you just want to play it and have it sound as good as it can, take it to a reputable shop and have them dial it in for you.  They will adjust the neck if it needs it, set the action (the height of the strings from the frets), adjust the intonation and generally clean up the instrument and do whatever else it may need.  It will cost you some money, but it will be worth it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64449
You have either not tuned it perfect, are bending the strings as you press or it needs intonation by adjusting the bridge.

QUESTION ID: DC8WHLVETFQSWL7
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does  someone with hepetitus c virus die?  painfull?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have hepetitus c (type 1-a) and the treatment didnt work for me and I was wondering how I would eventually die from this? I know my liver gives out, but is it painfull?   My doctor doesnt like to talk about it and changes the subject when I ask.  Give it to me straight if you can.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7015
I m sorry to hear that. But let me be frank and just answer your question. First, not everybody dies. But if you are unlucky and do pass away from this illness, there are two ways: either through the development of liver failure if most of the liver is damaged, or through conversion to liver cancer with metastasis.Liver failure, usually with diffuse scarring of the liver from chronic inflammation, so called cirrhosis, is usually pretty painless unless there is a lot of abdominal discomfort from swelling (ascites). The end is usually either massive hemorrhage, either from distended esophageal veins called varices, or from loss of clotting factors normally made by the liver, in which case bleeding can be from anywhere. Also, there is usually confusion, somnolence or coma in this state.Death from liver cancer (hepatocellular carcinoma) is like other cancer deaths. Everything depends on what tissues it metastasizes to and invades, and what is being compressed. If the brain, for example, there will be headaches and possibly visual disturbances, etc. But if this is your fate, hopefully you will be a hospice patient and get good symptom relief.Sorry to be so gruesome, but I didn t invent this. I just learned it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7016
Nathan, you ll end up dying of something but more than likely it won t be from hepatitis C.  Hep C is similar to diabetes in that it s a serious illness but it s manageable long-term as long as you look after yourself. Only a tiny percentage of people die from complications of hep C - e.g. liver cancer, hepatocellular carcinoma - and if you look after yourself by eating a simple and healthy diet, exercising, getting enough rest and keeping alcohol intake to a minimum (or better still, giving up alcohol altogether), you ll be fine.I don t know where you live but search the Internet for support groups or health organisations that can give you info on hep C.  Otherwise look at www.hepqld.asn.au and read the factsheets.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68709
Maybe you won t die from this.  The infection would need to cause catastrophic damage to your liver first and this could come about as a result of :1.cirrhosis with death due to gradual total body and abdominal swelling, muscle wasting, yellow jaundice, lethargy disorientation and eventually hepatic coma.  Little to no pain.2.smaller chance of liver cancer with abdominal swelling and eventual liver failure, dementia and coma.  More chance for  abdominal pain here but nowadays cancer pain can be totally controlled with appropriate meds.

QUESTION ID: DCRF5ZLS6E80URD
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you write a good outline?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77008
First write down the beginning. middle and end .i.e. : I. Joe woke up this morning.  II. Joe went to work. III. After work, Joe came home.Next fill in the details: I. Joe woke up this morning.    a) He took his medicine     b) He ate a big breakfast II. Joe went to work      a) He drove his new car and on the way he had         to get gas      b) He picked up a newspaper to read a lunch III. After work, Joe came home.       a) He pack his suitcase because he was going          to New York City for the weekend       b) He got back into this car with his            suitcase and head off on his adventureAs long as you have the beginning, middle and end along with sufficient details you will have a pretty good outline. Good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25619
outlineHOW TO WRITE AN OUTLINEAn outline breaks down the parts of your thesis in a clear, hierarchical manner. Most students find that writing an outline before beginning the paper is most helpful in organizing one s thoughts. If your outline is good, your paper should be easy to write.The basic format for an outline uses an alternating series of numbers and letters, indented accordingly, to indicate levels of importance. Here is an example of an outline on a paper about the development of Japanese theater:OUTLINE NOTES I. Thesis: Japanese theater rose from a popular to elite and then returned to a popular art form.II. Early theatrical formsA. BugakuB. SarugakuC. Primitive NohD. Authors and AudienceIII. Noh theaterA. AuthorsB. Props1. Masksa. womenb. demonsc. old men2. Structure of StageC. Themes1. Buddhist influence2. The supernaturalD. Kyogen interludesE. AudienceIV. KabukiA. AuthorsB. Props1. make-up2. special effectsC. Themes1. Love stories2. RevengeD. AudienceV. Bunraku (puppet) theaterA. AuthorsB. PropsC. Themes1. Love stories2. Historical romancesD. AudienceVI. Conclusion  The thesis is stated in the first section, which is the introduction. The body follows the introduction, and breaks down the points the author wishes to make. Note that some section have subdivisions, others do not, depending on the demands of the paper. In this outline, II, III,&IV all have similar structure, but this will not necessarily be true for all papers. Some may only have three major sections, others more than the five given here. Your conclusion should restate your thesis, and never introduce new material.

QUESTION ID: DF7HCQW0BPGMVKI
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can the arts be a more integral part of school education?
QUESTION CONTENT: With school education becoming more and more geared to providing successful career opportunities in an increasingly competitive world, arts such as music, dance, painting and theatre seem to be disappearing from school curriculum and syllabi. What can we do to cure this deficiency?YAHOO! ANSWERS staff notice: This is really Shubha Mudgal, the classical singer and performer.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 1032
As a professional painter and part time studio art college instructor, I find that the arts are incredibly important to opening the mind to all kinds of subjects, not just art.  We don t value intuitive knowledge in our culture.  It is this intuitive intelligence that helps scientists, inventors, engineers, researchers, theorists, philosophers, mathmeticians, artists and doctors make very important decisions and finds in their fields.  In this way, art and the processes that are learned in all art forms touch all professions.  Art in all forms helps open us up to those intuitive processes.  I think that the arts are some of the most important aspects of education.  To cure this deficiency in our education system we simply need to offer more classes, opportunities for students to participate in the arts, and allow students to bring these arts out into the community.  But we can t do this when schools are constantly cutting funding to the arts.  I believe that the arts should be more integrated into an overall liberal arts curriculum  from Kindergarten thru college.  To do this we need a commitment from school districts, politicians, parents and educators to do this.  We need an allocation of some of the tax dollars that go to education to fund art education.  I also think a public relations campaign on a national level that spells out the benefits of arts in our education system would help get the public behind it.  It would have to be on the level of how it is not only beneficial in and of itself, but how art touches all of our lives.  How it is important not only for personal expression but for human communication.  And, how learning and practicing an art form is great for learning other subjects and making break throughs in those professions.  Afterall, Einstein played the violin beautifully.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42741
As budgets become squeezed, it appears that money for non necessities in modern education need to be paid for by the student wishing to study such things.  This includes sports and other non educational activities beyond science, reading, writing and math.  Since every student needs to be proficient in these things for a basic education, then other subjects and activities may very well be considered extracurricular studies.  The other solution may be to augment our schools with others that specialize in things like the arts.  That way resources could be pooled for the benefit of each group. The arts and humanities are a valuable contribution to the quality of our lives.  Until we rein in our desire for things like sports, which get chased by big money and big business by way of the media, the arts will always be underfunded and take a back seat.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68201
Hi madam i am from singapore....i am studying here...i have recently studied in india ( tamilnadu ) i find 1001 difference between singapore schools and indian schools.singapore give a lot of opportunities for people.but they refuse it.but  in india,there is no opportunities but there are many people a eager to join.thats the difference !!!Arts can be more integral part of school education by conducting CCA  also know as Co-Circular-Activities in the weekends.so that students will enough time spending their time wisely.Charges can be lower down.so that the poor people will have chances and a great opportunities learning these kind of education.Who knows ? they can grow up and become like you in future!By doing this,arts will be more popular.india will be the top in arts.thank you madam.i hope u will take further action.i am very young to tell  this to you.but i am just helping you and india!LONG LIVE INIDA !!!Yours Faithfulybharathbharath1992@hotmail.combharathbharrath@yahoo.comsingapore

QUESTION ID: DGK6FY17Y7KPBY4
QUESTION SUBJECT: how are the mets gonna do in 2006?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70513
although it s no guarantee, it looks like the mets have a great shot at winning the nl east in 2006.the 2005 standings:atlanta: 90-72philly: 88-74mets: 83-79florida: 83-79wash: 81-81now, washington performed well above what was expected of them, as they gave up 30 more runs than they scored. florida has traded all of their talent for prospects. therefore, those 2 teams are likely not going to win the division.atlanta lost their leadoff batter and sparkplug rafael furcal and replaced him with edgar renteria, who was great two years ago but does not provide the same offensive or defensive weapons that furcal does. atlanta also got a monster year out of andruw jones, who likely will not repeat that performance. also, the braves lost their closer, kyle farnsworth, to the yankees and will likely go with chris reitsma, who was good but not great last year in limited duty. however, the young players on the braves roster such as jeff francoeur, adam laroche, and ryan langerhans should develop further. also, a full season of former mvp chipper jones would be helpful. that leaves the braves with a good chance to win 90 games again. the phillies traded jim thome to the white sox for aaron rowand, which improves their team even though i feel they should have gotten more for thome. with a shot at first base for a full season, ryan howard should put up some incredible numbers. chase utley, their 2nd baseman, should also leap to stardom this year. however, the phillies other big star, bobby abreu, wants to be traded, and that most likely means that the phils will not get full value for him. lastly, they lost their elite closer, billy wagner, to the mets. tom gordon, though he s old, should be a serviceable replacement, but will not be as lights-out as wagner. unless brett myers becomes consistent and shows he can be an ace, the phillies pitching staff is comprised basically of a #2 starter, 3 #3 starters and a #4. many teams would be happy with that pitching staff, but it doesn t win the division for you.that leaves the mets. the mets record last year was worse than it should have been, as they scored many more runs than they gave up. trading for carlos delgado to replace the worst 1b positional output in the majors will be a big boost. signing wagner to close instead of the shaky braden looper will help a lot as well, as looper blew 8 of 36 save chances. add in the continued development of david wright, who exploded at the end of last season, and jose reyes, as well as a bounceback year for center fielder carlos beltran, and the mets look very good up and down. paul lo duca should provide similar numbers to last year s fading mike piazza, but should also stay healthy, as the mets backup, ramon castro, is solid and should play every fourth game or so. the mike cameron-xavier nady trade made a lot of people say huh? , but it s actually good for the mets, as victor diaz has proven himself worthy of a shot to play in right field every day. if jae seo gets a chance to start for the full season and performs like he did at the end of last season, he will be a solid #2 pitcher. problems could include the aging of tom glavine and steve trachsel, the inconsistency of kris benson, and the lack of bullpen depth. i m not convinced that uber-GM omar minaya won t get his team more help in the bullpen, with rumors abound that the mets wish to sign danys baez, the devil rays all-star closer, to set up for wagner.all in all, this mets team could win 100 games and take the nl east easily.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48361
I will always believe that the mets will win the world series.They have the best chance of beating the braves for the division in the upcoming season

QUESTION ID: DGYZT6O1PHSMAMS
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to lose weight?
QUESTION CONTENT: hey there is 7 people in my family and 3 of them are really skinny but 4 of us are either chubby or fat so onto the point anyway the skinny people love junk food and when we others see it we are tempted to eat it what should we do and i don t want something that will make the skinny people mad. Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     p.s.i m the chubby person not the fat !!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5977
don t go to the gym.just1. don t drink pop2. exersize daily, even if only a few minutes3. don t eat after 7pm4. eat several small meals a day instead of three big meals, this helps your metabolism work faster5. realize that this takes timenumber 5 is the most important. don t set unrealistic goals for yourself. you have to realize that if you want to lose weight in a healthy way, its going to take some time and determination.good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5978
For you to loss weight, you will need to find the root cause on your weight gain. Once you find out the root cause, you will be able to come out a weight loss plan with the right diet plan that able to help to reduce your weight.Only with a realistic weight loss diet plan, you will be able to achieve it easily.In order to have ideal weight. few things to take note.Diet- Try to have plenty of starchy foods such as rice, bread, pasta, potatoes,- Aim to have five portions of a variety of fruit and vegetables daily- Use a moderate amount of dairy prodPhysical ActivityGetting active is one of the best ways to lose weight and keep fit. There are all sorts of activities andsports that can get you moving and aid weight loss.Calories and WeightA pound of fat equals 3500 calories. To lose 1 pound a week you will need to expend 3500 more calories than you eat that week, whether through increased activity ordecreased eating or both. Losing 1-2 pounds of fat a week is a sensible goalThere are few simple diet plans which will suit you, like Aktins Diet and 5 Factor Diet (the most popular diet for Hollywood stars), get how to do the diet plan from http://www.lossweightzone.org

QUESTION ID: DH5PH8RK85MTV26
QUESTION SUBJECT: I need help to find out how to make a paper mache styracosaurus do you know of a place to help me?
QUESTION CONTENT: my little girl is in 2nd grade and she needs to make a model of this dinosaur  styracosaurus and I can t find any help
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76253
Paper Mach?? DinosaurYou will need:* information about the dinosaur* sketch paper * pencil&eraser * colored pencils or crayons * lots of newspaper * masking tape * paper towels or soft paper * cardboard (that can be cut with scissors) * scissors * paper mach?? paste (Ross Art Paste works great)&* large container with lid for paste * tempera paints&brushes&mixing containers * clear, water-based, non-toxic varnish (Mod Podge Gloss Lustre, Rightstep Water-Based Varnish or watered down white glue) optional * any other objects you wish to add (for eyes, teeth, patterns etc.) optional * materials for display (board to mount, string to hang etc.) optional(You can find these craft supplies at most crafts or art supply stores, such as DickBlick.com) 1. Research the dinosaur you selected. Find out as much as you can about the dinosaur. Learn as much as you can about its anatomy to build your sculpture.2. Make sketches of your dinosaur. Plan its pose. What is it doing? Draw an outline.What are the basic shapes of your dinosaur? Highlight the forms that you will make from newspaper. 3. Make body parts with newspaper, cardboard and masking tape. Crush, squeeze and twist newpaper into very tight forms. Cut flat shapes from cardboard. Tape firmly as you go! Make sure your pieces are smooth and very firm. Rub the tape so no edges come loose.4. Tape the body parts together. Use lots of tape and rub it hard to be sure it won t come off. Tape all the way around each body part???layer the tape in different directions. You may have to tear the tape into small pieces to get in the tiny seams. Test the body parts to make sure they don t come off easily.5. Time to paper mach??! Find a place to work. Cover your work space with newspaper. Prepare your paper mach?? paste. Have a towel handy to wipe your hands. Tear lots of small strips of newspaper--no bigger than your finger. For very small, detailed parts you will need even smaller strips.Dip each newspaper strip in your paste. Then pull strip through two fingers to remove excess paste. You want them wet but not drippy and slimy.Cover the body with newspaper strips. Rub them well so no edges pop up. Rub out all air bubbles too!Allow to dry. Do another layer of newspaper strips and dry. Do one more final coat with paper towels (brown school paper towels work great!) or smooth, soft paper. You are ready to paint when your dinosaur is sturdy and smooth. Let it dry very thoroughly!6. Paint with tempera paint. First, you may want to try out different colors and patterns by coloring your sketch with crayons or colored pencils.Paint the main colors first, recoat if needed, then paint the details and patterns. You may also want to coat with a clear, water-based, non-toxic varnish (Mod Podge Gloss Lustre, Rightstep Water-Based Varnish or watered down white glue).Hope your daughter does well on her paper mache dinosaur :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24978
Another idea that might work is those wooden figures. They sell them at like craft or toy stores I think. Put it together and put the paper mache on that.

QUESTION ID: DHFWS23VKX85C34
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i tell my young children their grandma has cancer and may die soon?
QUESTION CONTENT: We just found out our mother has cancer and has 1 to 2 years to live.  I just have no idea what to tell my 4 and 6 year old or the 13 year old or how to tell them.  They have asked why grandma was crying but I have not said anything accept how she wanteed to love on them.  Is there a book or a web site out there that is going to help me with this?  Can any of you help on this subject?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 51918
Don t.  Do something about it.  Tell your Mom thousands have cured it naturally and if she wants to, she can too.  So she can see your little girls grow up.  You might consider buying her the book The Cancer Battle Plan and then check out  http://www.hacres.com , http://www.cancertutor.com , http://www.pcrm.org and Dr. Lorraine Day s video Drugs Never Cure Disease. The steps that most of these people recommend are:1) 75-90% raw diet, fresh juices a large part of that for extra nutrion, needs to be vegetarian to do any good2) Water (10 glasses a day)3) Exercise.4) Sunshine.5) Eliminating waste (at least 2 BMs a day), organic coffee enemas can help cleanse and remove toxins6) Fresh air/oxygen7) Getting rid of toxins (flouride, drugs, caffeine, olestra/oleine, msg, saccharin) in your diet, elimination of smoking, any refined products (sugar and flour are big ones)8) Sleep.9) Removing stress. Right, you have to quit your job to properly heal.10) No traveling.11) Conviction to stay on the plan.12) Stay positive. No TV, newspaper - they re negative. No more research on this stressful site. Pick your plan and do it 100%.13) Admit you caused the disease, now do something about it.14) Spend time with the Lord. Approach this with a clean heart, you can t have sin in your life and succeed. Your releationship with God will grow as a result of your sickness.Serious questions and positive comments are welcome by clicking my avatar and then email Steve F if you want more information.  The best thing you can do is educate yourself.  The medical community is not going to do that for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1642
Tell them grandma is very sick. Have them see her and talk to her as much as possible. When I was 5 my grandfather died and I remember much about him, including that he would tell me stories in his oxygen tent. Children are smarter than you think. Give them credit. If they do not know by your telling them, they will figure out something is wrong. If their grandma passes without having spent time with her grandchildren her spirit will not be passed on.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9538
I m very sorry to hear about it. The best I can offer is just tell them that their granny (or whatever they call her) is very sick and may be going on a trip for a while. Then you can tell them the full story when they are older and can handle it. Again very sorry for your loss.

QUESTION ID: DKBKEOZYWU4HS7F
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is electricity produced?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75978
There are many ways to create electricity, all basically involve converting another form of energy (usually kinetic energy, eg. hydroelectric plants, or heat energy, eg. nuclear,coal, geothermal).Wikipedia has explantions of these, see the site in the source. It basically says:Rotating turbines attached to electrical generators produce most commercially available electricity. Turbines may be driven by using steam, water, wind or other fluids as an intermediate energy carrier. The most common usage is by steam in fossil fuel power plants or nuclear power plants, and by water in hydroelectric dams. Small mobile generators are often driven by diesel engines, especially on ships, remote building sites or for emergency standby.Fuel cells produce electricity using a variety of chemicals and are seen by some people to be the most likely source of power in the long term, especially if hydrogen can be used as the feedstock. However, hydrogen is usually only an energy carrier, and must be formed by some other power source.The world relies mainly on coal and natural gas for power. The high capital requirements of nuclear power and the fear of its dangers have prevented the ordering of new nuclear power plants in North America since the 1970s.Steam turbinescan be powered using steam produced from geothermal sources, solar energy, or Nuclear reactors, which use the energy created by the fission of radioactive plutonium or uranium to generate heat. Nuclear power plants often use a primary and secondary steam circuit to add an additional layer of protection between the location of the nuclear fuel and the generator room.Hydroelectric power plants use water flowing directly through the turbines to power the generators. Tidal harnesses use the force of the moon on bodies of water to spin a turbine. Wind turbines use wind to turn turbines that are hooked up to a generator. Pumped-storage hydroelectricity is used to level demands on the power grid.Power generation by thermonuclear fusion has been suggested as a possible way of generating electricity; currently a number of technical obstacles and environmental concerns stand in the way, but if realized fusion might provide a relatively clean and safe source of electrical power. The construction of a large experimental reactor (ITER) is expected to commence in 2005-2006.Please also note that a few places around the world produce usuable electric power from sources like geothermal energy, see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geothermal_power, and wind power, see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wind_power
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69166
by magnetic induction.basically you pass a magnet through a coil of wire anr the magnetic field via magnetic induction produces electricity
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75979
A power plant burns coal and i believe they boil water and make steam.. The steam turns a turbine which turns a motor which generates electricity.Heat energy is transformed into mechanical energy which is then transformed into eletrical energy.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75980
Electricity repressents the flow of electrons usually through a conductor such as a wire.  It is similar to the flow of water in a pipe which requires a pump or a static head of water to produce enough pressure to cause flow.  In electricity, the pressure causing electron flow (amps) is called voltage.  Voltage may be produced many ways.  For example a simple flashlight battery cell uses a chemical reaction where an acid eats away at a zinc alloy casing to produce electrons under 1.5 Volts pressure.  Allowing the current to flow (to light the flashlight) uses up the zinc (often resulting in a leaking battery cell).Electricity can also be generated by passing a wire through a magnetic field.  The magnetic field resists movement of the wire which must be forced on through, converting mechanical energy to electrical energy.  If a coil of wire is rotated in the magnetic field (with ends of the wire connected to a commutator) flow of electrons in the coil sets up an electromagnetic field surrounding the wire that opposes motion throught the magnetic field.  The constantly changing field produces a voltage that drives the electrons (or electricity).Electricity also occurs in nature as static electricity.  If you shuffle across a carpet in a very dry room you may get a spark if you touch a metal object.  The electricity is caused by mechanical friction.  Lightning can result from the friction of air and moisture within clouds and from the separation of charged particles producing very high voltages that ionize a path between the clouds and ground before a lightning strike.

QUESTION ID: DNBQXG6MIYE7257
QUESTION SUBJECT: how long does a person live with esophageal cancer that has spread to the liver(stage IV)?
QUESTION CONTENT: My mother in-law found out two weeks ago she has esophageal cancer and it has went to her liver, she is 64 years young and had her first chemo treatment a few days ago which is not having her feel very good, but she won t tell us everything the doctors are saying like how long does she have to live, she just says it s not good!! What does that mean?? As a family I think we should have an idea on her time left here so we can start preparing our minds , so if there is anyone who knows anything please let me know. We are sure she probably won t be around this time next year but if it;s shorter than that we need to know. Thank you for your time in reading this I hope you can help.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36383
The textbooks say that, on average, patients with metastatic esophageal cancer live 12-14 months.  Now, obviously, some die sooner and some die later.  Chemotherapy has not been shown to significantly improve upon that number.There are, of course, many different treatment options available.  If there are not many lesions in the liver, or if they are confined to one lobe, then there are some ablative procedures that can be done to the liver itself.  Of course, there remains chemotherapy and radiation therapy with surgery for the esophagus.I would encourage the family, and the patient, to have an honest discussion about how much she is willing to go through in order to maximize her chances of living, if possible.  Her doctor should be made aware of these familial discussion as well, so that they can do what everyone feels is appropriate.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46476
I m sorry to say this, but once it hits the liver, it s not going to be long at all.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84741
Sorry to hear this, why won t she tell you anything? She needs to let the family know what is going on, can you talk to her doctor? Give her a bit of time, its only been two weeks and she is young, the news is crushing to her.           Stage IV: There are 2 substages, IVA and IVB. Stage IVA (any T, any N, M1a): This stage indicates that the esophageal cancer has spread to distant lymph nodes. If the esophageal cancer is in the upper part of the chest, it has spread to lymph nodes in the neck. For cancer of the lower part of the esophagus, it has spread to lymph nodes in the abdomen. Stage IVB (any T, any N, M1b): This stage indicates that the esophageal cancer has spread to more distant lymph nodes or other distant sites, such as the liver, bones, or brain. Survival Rates by Stage These numbers, from the National Cancer Data Base, describe the outcomes in 11,154 patients diagnosed in 1998: Stage        Percent of patients 5-year relative survival rate  0     1%        52%  I    10%        41% II    21%        26% III   18%        13% IV   26%          3% Unknown  25% ??? The 5-year survival rate refers to the percentage of patients who live at least 5 years after their cancer is diagnosed. Five-year rates are used to produce a standard way of discussing prognosis. Of course, many people live much longer than 5 years. In addition, people diagnosed and treated in 2005 are likely to have improved survival rates than from 1998, due to improvements in treatment and care since that time. The 5-year relative survival rate incorporates the assumption that people will die of other causes and compares the observed survival with that expected for people without esophageal cancer. That means that relative survival only talks about deaths from esophageal cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84742
First of all let me say that I am so very sorry.... it sure does not sound good.  You should start preparing yourselves and your kids if you have them that she will probably be gone soon.  There are people that do survive all odds against what the doctors say... so if you are prepared and she comes out of it and beats the odds you all will be happier than ever.... but her chances are not good ~ my grandfater died with this same thing and it was very hard... not a good death and so much pain... be there for her and love her while you have her.  Take care and I will pray for you and your family not to mention her.

QUESTION ID: DNKVREEEOSYR7U0
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I go about integrating x^3 / (x^2 +1)?
QUESTION CONTENT: can anyone give me any hints on how to integrate this? no direct answers necessarythanks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2160
First perform long division.______xx^2+1 )x^3______x^3 +x__________-xYou get x^3/(x^2+1) = x - x/(x^2+1)You can integrate x directly.Use substitution to integrate x/(x^2+1).If you have more questions about this problem, then send me a message.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8029
we have , x ^3 / ( x ^2 + 1) = x - [ x / ( x ^2 + 1)]sointegral ( x - [ x / ( x ^2 + 1)]dxlet , u = x ^2 + 1 , du = 2xdx , xdx = du / 2 we have , integral( x / (x ^2 +1)]dx =( 1/2)ln(x ^2 + 1)so integral (x)dx - integral [ x / (x ^2 + 1)]dx == ( x ^2 / 2)  - ( 1 / 2) ln( x ^2 + 1) + c

QUESTION ID: DO04QGGOLPGYTO8
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to give nebulizer to my son?
QUESTION CONTENT: i m a mom of a 5 yr old boy. Recently, my son had some breathing problem during the night. We consulted a doctor, she is also our family doctor. She said that, due to cold ,my son has become allergic to cold climate n also has developed a slight asthma. She adviced to use a nebulizer. But i havnt used the nebulizer on my son yet because i don t know properly how to use it in an effective way. Once i tried it on my son, but he just doesnt takes it. He screams n kicks. So, i m unable to give it to my son. Will it be fine, if i hold him tight and keep it on his mouth and nose forcefully? Also are there any precautions to take care of while giving the nebulizer, like wearing gloves to avoid any infection,n covering his face with something after giving the nebulizer to avoid any contact with the cold weather? Our doctor didnt told anything like that. and also, how long should i keep the nebulizer? Will giving it, during sleep will wake up my son,or will it be just fine?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4348
ok, well i am a respiratory therapist, so lets see if i can help you. there are two ways to give the treatment, either by wearing a mask, or doing a blow by method, which i will explain. the nebulizer container should look like a little cup. break off the top of your medicine vial ( im assuming that u are giving albulterol) and squeeze it into the cup. attatch the plastic t piece looking thing. now attatch the mask to that or try the blow by method. add the tubing to one end of the t piece and a piece of tape to the other end. this is to prevent it from coming back out. hook up the air tubing and turn on you neb machine. with the blow by he doesnt have to have any thing touching his face, just a mist blowing in front of it to get him use to the idea. make is seem fun, sing songs play games, watch tv. eventually work up to the mask, he gets more of the medication that way. but not untill he is ready for it. if all else fails give it to him screaming, he will actually get more medication that way due to deeper breaths. dont worry about getting anything from a simple case of asthma! no contagious diseases there! Also, about the cold weather, the albuterol will open his lungs up, it is a bronchdiliator. cold weather could cause bronchspasm to occur in asthmatics. its a way of testing to see if you are asthmatic, along with many other tests. so just be smart about your activities and learn to read your sons ques about his breathing. The actual maching will last until it poops out, but check and change the filter on it    frequently. also clean your equipment daily with a water and vinegar solution. you dont want to be inhaling germs! If he isnt a light sleeper, give the treatment by blow by at night to him if you feel he needes it. Oh yeah, try to keep the medicing cup upright so that it works better at aersolizing the medication. ask your doctor about using a peak flow on your son before and after treatments. it will give you a good sense as to whether the treatments are helping or not. if you have any questions ask your doctor or call the 800 number that is one the nebulizer box or information packet. they will be glad to help you. I know this was a long explanation, but i truely hope that it helps you and your son have a better relationship with what may be a lifetime companion. good luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62789
Several things to add here.First and foremost, whoever supplied you with the equipment should have provided instruction and should be available at least by telephone to answer your questions on how to use it.  That s their job.  You have every right to expect it.Ask your doctor whether you are to give the treatments on a regular basis or only as needed - unless he has a history of frequent problems, it is most likely as needed.  No sense picking more fights than necessary.At 5 years he should be able to use a mouthpiece.  Imagine if you were five, having problems breathing, and someone wanted to cover your face with a smelly plastic mask.  Also, a treatment with the mouthpiece can deliver more than twice as much of the medication to the lungs.  It may take some coaching to get him to breathe through his mouth and not his nose.  Try gently pinching off his nose for one breath at a time until he gets the hang of it, even better have him hold his own nose.  Tell him it s so he won t smell the medicine.  You can monitor how well he is doing - when he inhales the mist should stop blowing out the other end.  If not, he is inhaling through his nose and not getting any medication.Don t fight him.  A crying child spends nearly all the time breathing out (screaming) and very little of the time inhaling.  He only gets the medicine while he is inhaling.Ask about changing to a Metered Dose Inhaler (MDI) with a holding chamber.  Bit much to explain here but much simpler, it onlyinvolves half a dozen breaths or so, and can used anywhere - no compressor needed.Don t sweat the gloves.  IF going out in the cold triggers an attack, a scarf wrapped around the lower face would be good.  Less noticeable than a mask, and still traps as much warm air and moisture.  If there is no persistent problem, leave it be.  Being a five year old is hard enough without being the kid who had to wear a mask to play outside<grin>How long to keep the nebulizer?  Ask the doc.  If he continues to need nebulizer treatments and cannot be converted to an MDI, or has attacks during which he cannot use an MDI, buy it (sounds as if you are renting).  But in my experience probably half or more children who get treatments during one illness don t have a continuing problem, quite a few of the others get by just fine with inhalers, and you can get it again if you need it.  If you have insurance, get their input.  Some insurance companies are very quick to just buy a compressor since the monthly rental is sometimes as much as half the purchase price.Treatments while sleeping.  Again, ask the doc since giving it during sleep comes down to whether you really need to give treatments on a schedule, like every 4 hours, as opposed to every 4 hours as needed.  Blow-by treatments deliver a very little medication to the lungs, anyway.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70199
Mommy 820is exactly right on how to give the treatment. One tip might be for you to show him how it works, of course don t put the meds in it, and breathe it yourself. Try a relaxed atmosphere, in front of a distraction like the tv.Tell him about how it is superhero medication, get him a cape to wear while doing the tx[doesn t have to cost anything, just use something around the house, or go spend money at toys are us if you have it. You could do a treatment on yourself, stand up, flex your muscles, give a superhero yell, and put on the cape. Heck, I d take the treatment if you played a cool game with me. And there is always the bribe, we all get chocolate cake if we do the treatment.He would get some good out of it while asleep, but better to be awake and taking deep breaths. And it might scare him if he wakes up and the mask is on him.With proper care the machine should last awhile. The idea behind the nebs is to open up the passages so he can tolerate the cold weather. My Mom always wrapped a scarf around my mouth, one knitted loosely, so I could breathe warmer air. I still do that. If you have to limit his exposure to the cold air, then, you have to. Just wash your hands really good before you clean the machine, if you want to wear gloves while cleaning it, do so, it can t hurt. You do not want to put germs into a warm moist machine and blow them at the kid.

QUESTION ID: DO5O1M7EYNDDFRQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why don t we hear of muscle cancer ? Why doesn t it appear?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43059
There is a muscle cancer It is called rhabdomyosarcoma.  Nasty cancer.  They just found that it originates in mesothelial stem cells.  Seems that all cancers come from stem cells, so if we start targeting these stem cells may get some cures.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86762
Sarcoma is the type of cancer that affects the connective tissues of the body which includesbone, fat, muscles, and blood vessels.Sarcoma is often a childhood cancer. It is aggressive and rare. Treatment options can be limited as it often does not receive research funding. Which may turn out to be ironic if the news received this week about Ewings Sarcoma and the potential to force the cancerous cell to return to its original status can be implemented in human beings.http://www.news-medical.net/?id=25159NCI: Soft Tissue Sarcomahttp://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/types/soft-tissue-sarcoma/NCI: Muscoskeletal Cancershttp://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/cancersbodylocation/page16There are two branches of Sarcoma - the Soft Tissue sarcoma and the Bone Sarcoma.Bone Sarcoma includes Ewings Sarcoma, Osteosarcoma, and Chrondosarcoma.Soft Tissue Sarcoma includes:Alveolar soft part sarcoma - cancer of blood vesselsAngiosarcoma - includes muscles of the heartDesmoplastic small round cell tumor - unknown origins, affects the soft tissues of abdominal cavityFibrosarcoma - fibrous connective tissue Hemangiosarcoma - blood vesselsLeiomyosarcoma - smooth and involuntary muscle cancerLiposarcoma - fat cells found deep within tissue (thigh)Neurofibrosarcoma - Peripheral nerves of the Central nervous systemRhabdomyosarcoma - affects the skeletal muscles and muscle tissueSynovial sarcoma - unknown origin

QUESTION ID: DPCODMIO6IVPBJJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: why green color looks green to our eyes?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76209
The eye has different types of receptors for color and brightness. The color receptors are sensitive to difference in the wavelength of light, much as the brightness receptors are sensitive to the difference in the brightness. Do you see green as everyone does? Not quite. There are some people who are color blind.From the wikipedia:Primary colors are not a physical but rather a biological concept, based on the physiological response of the human eye to light. The human eye contains receptors called cones which normally respond to red, green, and blue light. Humans and other species with three such types of color receptors are known as trichromats. Although the peak responsivities of the cones do not occur exactly at the red, green and blue frequencies, those three colors are chosen as primary because they provide a wide gamut, making it possible to almost independently stimulate the three color receptors. To generate optimal color ranges for species other than humans, other additive primary colors would have to be used. For species known as tetrachromats with four different color receptors, one would use four primary colors. Many birds and marsupials are tetrachromats and it has been suggested that some female humans are born as tetrachromats as well, having an extra receptor for yellow. On the other hand, most mammals have only two types of color receptors and are therefore dichromats; to them, there are only two primary colors.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30255
Lets resolve this overdue question by bringing it to a vote.

QUESTION ID: DQOXBUXAZE8EAC5
QUESTION SUBJECT: How would you define and explain existenstialism? ?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m currently in High School with the one of the hardest AP Lang teacher who I had a C in 1st semester, and I really don t know what this word means.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 24670
It is a philosophy expressed mainly by Hedger.  Think of it Free Will.  People are free and responsible for what they make of themselves.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37087
This is a good explanation: Existentialism ??? A DefinitionExistentialism in the broader sense is a 20th century philosophy that is centered upon the analysis of existence and of the way humans find themselves existing in the world. The notion is that humans exist first and then each individual spends a lifetime changing their essence or nature.In simpler terms, existentialism is a philosophy concerned with finding self and the meaning of life through free will, choice, and personal responsibility. The belief is that people are searching to find out who and what they are throughout life as they make choices based on their experiences, beliefs, and outlook. And personal choices become unique without the necessity of an objective form of truth. An existentialist believes that a person should be forced to choose and be responsible without the help of laws, ethnic rules, or traditions.Existentialism ??? What It Is and Isn???tExistentialism takes into consideration the underlying concepts:    * Human free will    * Human nature is chosen through life choices    * A person is best when struggling against their individual nature, fighting for life    * Decisions are not without stress and consequences    * There are things that are not rational    * Personal responsibility and discipline is crucial    * Society is unnatural and its traditional religious and secular rules are arbitrary    * Worldly desire is futile Existentialism is broadly defined in a variety of concepts and there can be no one answer as to what it is, yet it does not support any of the following:    * wealth, pleasure, or honor make the good life    * social values and structure control the individual    * accept what is and that is enough in life    * science can and will make everything better    * people are basically good but ruined by society or external forces    * ???I want my way, now!??? or ???It is not my fault!??? mentalityThere is a wide variety of philosophical, religious, and political ideologies that make up existentialism so there is no universal agreement in an arbitrary set of ideals and beliefs. Politics vary, but each seeks the most individual freedom for people within a society.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37088
Existentialism is a philosophical movement in which individual human beings are understood as having full responsibility for creating the meanings of their own lives. The belief that one shapes one s basic nature through the direction of life one chooses to live.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existentialism

QUESTION ID: DSR8AM5LPMRO6UV
QUESTION SUBJECT: how did revivalism begin?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77804
Revivalism as applied to the Christian religion, belongs to modern times, dating from the 18th cent.; but such experience is described in scriptural accounts. The development of the Protestant movements in the 14th, 15th, and 16th cent. was in the nature of a series of revivals under the leadership of John Wyclif, Jan Huss, Martin Luther, John Calvin, Huldreich Zwingli, and others. But revivals, so called, began (c.1737) in Europe with the evangelical awakening in England under John and Charles Wesley and George Whitefield. Under their direction an army of itinerant and local workers and of missionaries spread the spirit of Methodist evangelism with amazing rapidity over Great Britain, into Ireland, and across the seas. Almost simultaneously with the Methodist movement, the Great Awakening began in America; given stimulus by Whitefield, revivals were started in 1720 by Theodore Frelinghuysen of New Jersey and in 1734 by Jonathan Edwards of Massachusetts. The newer settlements in the South and West experienced a wave of religious animation characterized by emotional excitement and physical manifestations. The movement was developed c.1797 in Kentucky under the preaching of James McGready. From these meetings held in the open developed the camp meeting. Professional revivalists were Timothy Dwight, grandson of Jonathan Edwards, Lyman Beecher, Asahel Nettleton, and Charles Grandison Finney. The preeminent figure in 19th cent. revivalistic history in the United States and Great Britain was Dwight L. Moody, who, with the singing evangelist Ira D. Sankey, moved vast audiences for more than 25 years. Revival campaigns in the postwar period, which should be distinguished from those of practitioners of faith healing, have been conducted by B. Fay Mills, Sam Jones, J. Wilbur Chapman, R. A. Torrey, Billy Sunday, Gipsy Smith, Aimee Semple McPherson, and Billy Graham. Pentecostalism in its older and newer forms is sometimes interpreteted as a continuous revival in the Church. Modern revivalism has made use of television to greatly expand its audience. Missionary efforts have sparked revivals in countries such as Korea, Indonesia, and more recently, throughout South America.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26330
It began when someone was tired of arguing and took the easy way out saying, it s all relative. 

QUESTION ID: DVACAK5QI0L3GMH
QUESTION SUBJECT: can someonre tell and show how to do a prime factorization of the number?
QUESTION CONTENT: the number is 56 i really forgot how to do
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 40939
There are several ways.  The easiest way, I think is to build a tree.You know that 56 is 7 x 8:......... 56........./ ..   ...... 7 .... 87 is prime so you are done with that branch.  But you can factor 8 further.  Try 2 x 4:......... 56........./ ..   ...... 7 .... 8............ / ..  ........... 2 ... 4Again 2 is prime, but 4 is not.  Factor it as 2 x 2......... 56........./ ..   ...... 7 .... 8............ / ..  ........... 2 ... 4................ / ..  ............... 2 .. 2All done!  Now read off the leaves 2 x 2 x 2 x 7 = 56Or you can also write 2 cubed times 7:2^3 x 7 = 56
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28769
Another method is vertical short division :2)562)282)14 .. . 7= 2*2*2*7
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40940
You have to break 56 into prime numbers, you should start with 2 first (smallest prime number)... 56/2 = 28 so...56 = 2 * 28Now we have 28 and let s see if 2 goes in again...56 = 2 * 2 *14Then again...56 = 2 * 2 * 2 * 7Now we re left with 7 which is a prime number so it can t be broken down any further and that is you prime factorization.

QUESTION ID: DVXJOPF2ERO2GX8
QUESTION SUBJECT: why does the steelers only have their logo on one side of their helmets ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79948
History Of The Steelers LogoThe Steelers logo is based on the Steelmark logo belonging to the American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI). Created by U.S. Steel Corp. (now known as USX Corp.), the logo contains three hypocycloids (diamond shapes).In the 1950s, when helmet logos became popular, the Steelers added players numbers to either side of their gold helmets. Later that decade, the numbers were removed and in 1962, Cleveland s Republic Steel suggested to the Steelers that they use the Steelmark as a helmet logo.When the Steelmark logo was created, U.S. Steel attached the following meaning to it: Steel lightens your work, brightens your leisure and widens your world. The logo was used as part of a major marketing campaign to educate consumers about how important steel is in our daily lives. The Steelmark logo was used in print, radio and television ads as well as on labels for all steel products, from steel tanks to tricycles to filing cabinets. In the 1960s, U.S. Steel turned over the Steelmark program to the AISI, where it came to represent the steel industry as a whole. During the 1970s, the logo s meaning was extended to include the three materials used to produce steel: yellow for coal, orange for ore and blue for steel scrap. In the late 1980s, when the AISI founded the Steel Recycling Institute (SRI), the logo took on a new life reminiscent of its 1950s meaning.  The Steelers had to petition the AISI in order to change the word Steel inside the Steelmark to Steelers before the logo was complete.The Steelers are the only NFL team that sports their logo on only one side of the helmet. At first, this was a temporary measure because the Steelers weren t sure they would like the look of the logo on an all-gold helmet. They wanted to test them before going all-out.Equipment manager Jack Hart was instructed to put the logo only on one side of the helmet - the right side. The 1962 Steelers finished 9-5 and became the winningest team in franchise history to date. The team finished second in the Eastern Conference and qualified for the Playoff Bowl. They wanted to do something special for their first postseason game, so they changed the color of their helmets from gold to black, which helped to highlight the new logo.Because of the interest generated by having the logo on only one side of their helmets and because of their team s new success, the Steelers decided to leave it that way permanently. Today s helmet reflects the way the logo was originally applied and it has never been changed.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28037
Because none of them are all there!!!!

QUESTION ID: DW11IUHMNSNXEIV
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i get rid of zits fast!!?
QUESTION CONTENT: toothpaste doesnt work!tea tree oil doesnt work for meand i wash my face everyday
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 63782
To get rid of acne. Try a gentle cleanser. One that is glycerin or sorbitol based will be good and it does not need to be expensive. Cetaphil and Neutrogena has some pretty good ones. Try Cetaphil?? Gentle Skin Cleanser. Wash your face at least twice a day and everytime after you perspire. If your skin is the oily kind, you do not need to apply any moisturizer, your skin oils are enough to keep it hydrated. If you really must apply a gentle light oil free one. Cetaphil?? Daily Facial Moisturizer SPF 15 or Cetaphil?? Moisturizing Lotion is quite goodApply pimple cream to the acne area. Try benzoyl peroxide low strength(2.5%) first. You can try oxy, panoxyl or Neutrogena brands. Don t pick poke scrub or pop your pimples unless you want scars which are really ugly. Scrubbing cleansers or washes are also no-nos because it equals picking and poking and makes acne worse Treated pimples gently.Eat healthy. Make sure you drink plenty of water. Cut down on sugar and carb intake. Foods like chocolates, coffee, soda drinks, bread, rice potatoes or anything starchy and sugary are no-nos. Cut down on oily and fried foods also. Go for grilled, steamed or baked food. Make sure you eat lots of fruits and vegetables. Ensure that your diet is rich in vitamin A, B5, C, E and Omega-3 which are important for the skin. Less stress and sleeping enough is also important. Not having enough sleep is like putting stress on your body. Makes sure you sleep at least 8 hours a day.If all else fails and your acne is still very bad, it is time to see a dermatologist. The pills and medications do work but you may have to take them long term to suppress the acne as it is not a cure and acne is a chronic disease. However the pills are not miracles and you won???t see results in 2-3 days. It normally takes about 2 weeks to see the difference. However not all dermatologists prescribe pills unless your acne is really bad. The pills will include antibiotics, accutane and contraceptives. If your acne isn???t that bad, dermatologists will prescribe topical creams first. If you are really going to a dermatologist, I suggest asking about a product known as Retin-A that treats acne and acne marks and heals the scars.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63783
use ice
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63784
First of all wash your face every morning and every night when you go to bed and even in the middle of the day if you can because your face draws alot of oil, second Go to a drugstore and buy something called KLEAR action it might be a little expensive but its like proactive and if you wash your face  2 times a day with it morning and night your face will clear up in a few days for good. Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63785
Toothpaste doesn t work!! You are right!! It s for your teeth not pimples.It takes time to let them heal but fight them head on with acne wash, toner and spot cream -before you wash do a hot compress, repeat to draw out dirt and open pores.. and if the acne needs to come to a head.Do not squeeze -
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63786
You need a more thorough treatment. I suggest you start with these steps:1.Avoid oil-based products such as facial lotions, wash and cosmetics. Look for products that are ???non-comedogenic,??? it means it will not clog your pores.2.Do not wear tight headband, baseball hat, and/or helmet when you exercise or play sports, and make sure you wash the sweat-soaked things each time you wear them.3.Keep the skin hydrated and moist so your cells can function properly. Moisturize your face with mild, non-comedogenic moisturizers to keep it hydrated. Moisturizing is a necessity. Again, the product with the least amount of chemical additives is the best. Always use a light moisturizer on your face after cleansing.4.Cleanse your pores with an alcohol-free toner or skin conditioner on cotton balls. Do not try to scrub harshly or you will strip and damage your skin. Even after rinsing your face, if you do not remove the remainder of cleanser and loosened debris residues, you are only going to imbed that debris deeper into the pores as you layer serums and moisturizers on top. The absolute best way to perform this deep pore cleansing is with an alcohol-free toner or skin conditioner on cotton balls. There s no need to harm your skin by vigorous scrubbing or harsh acids, simply wipe with toner damp cotton balls until the last cotton comes away perfectly white.5.Astringents, Salicylic Acid, retinoic acids, and glycolic acids all work to prevent pores from clogging. Be aware of some active ingredients like benzoyl peroxide, these ingredients can cause major side effects.For better results, I suggest you also fight your acne from inside, because hormonal problems could also be the worst cause of acne. And for this kind of treatment, please choose safe ingredients... herbals are the best.Good luck!

QUESTION ID: DW61VOJR8NIV43C
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does a person s response to a question determin their value system?
QUESTION CONTENT: How do you get what you want from a person from knowing their value system? Please give and example if you can.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 80165
A person s ideas are the result of his social, political and geographical background (state of existence) as well as his extra-knowledge content through things like literature (acquired knowledge that might be of no immediate relevance to his existence). When a person asks a question, then the question is born out of this matrix described above (commonly known as ideology) and so does the response. Now, ideology can be taken to mean anything that determines a person s ideas, whereas a value-system asserts the existence of ideas that the person subscribes to, only a part of the ideology.Now for your question. Let us analyse your question first. It is in proper English (as opposed to question in this website alone in different languages), so the first thing it tells one is that you are someone literate, capable of using the English language, with some sophistication as in the use of terms like value system . You question also makes apparent that you are interested to know the response from a variety of people in order to extend your knowledge of what can constitute a value-system .For the reply, check what I have written so far. It tells you that I support an essentially Marxist reading of language - apparent through the use of terms like ideology - and  also a closely textual and formal way of answering - which speaks of an academic background which has trained me to speak/answer in a particular manner. My support for that manner of answering is in the fact that I use it. So now you can make an assessment of my primary value system - Marxist/Left-liberal, deconstructionist, academic, English literate and supportive of the language use.How would you rate my answer? that s your question now.  there can be two counter responses. Either I am able to convince you, thus make you accept a part of that value-system I come from, or you dont, which makes you reject it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11550
I guess each of us answers each individual question with answers based upon our own personal beliefs and ideologies. The somewhat personal questions, such as, What is the meaning of life? (actual question) causes one to share a portion of their value system with not only the asker, but also with all of the other potential answerers, voters, and raters.

QUESTION ID: DWAKP1IMP47ANMY
QUESTION SUBJECT: Liver Cancer?? How did you discover you had liver cancer. What were your symptoms. How long have you survived?
QUESTION CONTENT: If your at the point when your feeling pain is it to late for help? What about if you dont have medical insurance, is there anyway to still get decent help?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 12082
Depends on the type and stage of liver cancer. My friend was diagnosed with liver cancer in November. He had no pain and no symptoms prior to diagnosis other than some nosebleeds. His liver tumor was an accidental finding that was discovered on a CT scan given to check for internal bleeding.If you have liver cancer and no insurance - go to the best local teaching or university hospital and demand to be admitted for treatment. They can send you a bill but they can not refuse to treat you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41533
Sadly it is the pain usually that is the symptom and by that time it is too late in most cases. My mother had galbladder cancer and her story is like that. When they found it it had already spread to her stomachliver and lymph nodes. Don t let your loved one go through what my mother went through. They resected her liver and rebuilt her bile ducts to give her a 6 month extention on her life. She was in the worst pain and sickness for the rest of her life I think she would have been better off without that surgery. Liver cancer does not have a good prognosis. I would say to get your affairs in order and enjoy what time you have left.Edit: She went from being a robust hardworking full of life woman to unGodly pain, bedridden and barely able to walk for her last 6 months on this earth. She told me she wished she had never had the surgery. We were all thankful when she died that she wasn t in pain anymore

QUESTION ID: DXAZ3A05O6KKUIS
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do some people have heart attacks when theyre startled?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87006
Maybe it s because of the sudden increase in Heart Rate and Blood Pressure. I don t know but it sounds like an increased strain on the heart muscle!! Maybe that combined with a surge in adrenaline.If you check the link below you will find the causes of heart attack. You will note that a heart attack is an event that develops over time. It is often associated with plaque build-up that takes years to develop. I suspect that the increased blood flow of being startled can cause a clot to break loose.  Such a clot may become lodged in the narrowed artery where the plaque traps the clot, blocking the flow of blood to the heart muscle.TerryPS: Be very careful of the answers you get on here. Most people are well meaning but just don t really understand how to convey their thoughts (this includes me from time to time). Others are way out in left field and provide information that is NOT widlely accepted in main stream medicine and either can not or will not provide links to documintation or proof of their beliefs. I try hard to back-up my information with links to well trusted web sites with widely accepted information. I don t claim to be some physicist and offer my leftist beliefs and expect you to accept them like a dog to a food bowl.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43930
It happens because the brain , - in response to a demand for increased blood flow  in response to the startling, ( flight or-fight syndrome ) - causes the output of blood at each stroke to increase to meet demand inappropriately greatly, instead of increasing pulse-rate, which would accomplish the same objective. Pulse pressure (the difference between systolic and diastolic pressure) is therefore increased because stroke volume is directly proportional (at the aorta) to pulse pressure. This raises systolic pressure, and it is excessive systolic pressure which causes rupture of blood vessels. This is the cause of strokes and heart attacks..

QUESTION ID: DY5XO65DSIQV743
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you solve this?
QUESTION CONTENT: Bug A starts at (0,0).  Bug B starts at (1,0).  A rubber band is stretched between the two bugs.  Simultaneously, Bug A moves toward (0,1) and Bug B moves toward (0,0).  What is the equation of the curve the rubber band creates?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23950
hyperbolic equasion i know that but I forget how to do them   dannit i used to have to all the time.  they were a little different they were moving manuvering boards for charting contacts in the navy its basically the same thoughbut i m so rusty i could be giving you dimentions for playmate of the month.  sorry  try a graphing calculator.  I do know however that the curve is dependent on the ctc speed i m guessing that you have assumed they are doing the same speed.the how to is like hyperbolie ofthe sin or cos (cant remember which)of the tangent formed between 00 and 10 and 00 and 01.  its a LOG function on the calculator to figure it out.nope its no good i cant remember any more than that GOMEN NASAIGANBATTE NE
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23951
This sounds like something I did in geometry while I was in school where you use a graph with square blocks.  It uses rows and columbs.  The first number represents the row the second number represents the columns.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23952
The question doesn t seem complete.. which point in the rubber band are you interested in? Are the bugs moving at the same speed?The reasoning below assumes you are interested in the center of the rubber band and that the bugs are moving at the same speed.The position of bug A after time t is (0, d) and the position of bug B after time t is (1-d, 0), where d is the distance moved.The loci of the center is then given by the parametric equation ( (1-d)/2, d/2 )Or simply, x + y = 0.5, a straight line joining (0, 0.5) and (0.5, 0)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23953
First, we must assume that the bugs move at the same constant speed.Second, I assume you are interested in the top boundary of the area covered by the band, that is the maximum y for each x such that the band passes through (x, y)Now, if we use a parameter t1, roughly signifying time from 0 to 1 for the bugs to go from their initial points to their final points, then the positions of the 2 bugs are (0, t1) and (1-t1, 0) at the time t1 (obtained from: initial point + (final point - initial point)*t1)Also, to describe all the points on the band, we can use another parameter t2, also from 0 to 1 (0 meaning bug A s position, 1 meaning bug B s position, 1/2 meaning the middle of the band, etc.), and we get:(t2*(1-t1), t1-t2*t1) or (t2-t1*t2, t1-t1*t2)(from the same formula)So all points ever on the band have:x=t2-t1*t2y=t1-t1*t2Now for each x (which ranges from 0 to 1) we need to find the maximum y.We notice that y=x+t1-t2, so it is enough to find max(t1-t2) as a function of x.But x=t2-t1*t2=t2*(1-t1) so 1-t1=x/t2 (for any t2<>0) therefore t1=1-x/t2So t1-t2=1-x/t2-t2=1-(t2+x/t2)But t2+x/t2>= 2*sqrt(t2*x/t2) = 2*sqrt(x), so t1-t2<=1-2*sqrt(x) (with an equality when t2=sqrt(x))It follows that y=x+t1-t2<= x+1-2*sqrt(x) = (1-sqrt(x))^2I mentioned in the beginning that we want the maximum values for y, so this is what we need, the equation of the curve:y(max)=(1-sqrt(x))^2You may notice I assumed t2<>0. If t2=0 then we have x=0 and y=t1, so the maximum y is 1, which still matches the equation.Also, the curve is supposed to be symmetrical in x and y (because of the symmetry of the original data). How can we verify this?y=(1-sqrt(x))^2sqrt(y)=1-sqrt(x)sqrt(x)=1-sqrt(y)x=(1-sqrt(y))^2Another (homogenous) way to write the curve equation is:sqrt(x)+sqrt(y)=1which also shows it is symmetrical.

QUESTION ID: DZK8OPJ27802Y1S
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you build a wind vane?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 61953
This is the plans for a very crude wind vane but it will workBecause this one requires some sharp tools and edges it s not really suitable for kids to attempt, so I ve given Katie the day off, but of course the children will still be able to use it when it s finished. Here s what you ll need:  A length of wood to use as a mast, I ve used a broom handle. A second piece of wood 18 inches long. Some light, but strong weather proof material to make the head and tail of the vane, I used a couple of tin foil pie dishes.A nail and a washer.  Take your 18 inch piece of wood and cut two vertical slots in the ends, these are to hold the head and tail. Take the broom handle and drill a hole in the top. Drill a hole exactly half way along the other, shorter piece of wood and place it on the end of the broom handle, securing it with the nail. The washer should be placed in between the two pieces and the shorter piece should be able to rotate freely on the end of the broom handle. Now take your pie dishes and cut out a triangle for the head and a squarer shape for the tail. Slot the head and tail into the ends of your 18 inch length of wood, securing then with glue or a small nail if necessary... and voila! One home made weather vane.As with the rain gauge it should be placed in a place where it is as exposed as possible to the elements.  You ve got to have the right tool for the job It won t work if it s hidden behind a wall. Try and attach it to a fence post or place it right in the middle of the garden, but a word of warning if you ve used tin foil for your head and tail why not trim them with tape so that no-one cuts themselves on them. Now your new wind vane won t tell you how strong the wind is, but it will tell you which direction it s blowing from. The arrow head will point to the direction of the wind, so if the arrow is pointing to the west, then the wind is blowing from the west. Now, I just hope Mrs M doesn t want to sweep the kitchen floor today, seeing as how her broom handle is otherwise occupied.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61954
As in a weather vane to tell the direction of wind?The best is to get an old copper water cylinder, and some steel/brass bar and tube. Cut out of the cylinder two cockerel shapes - with large tails.Make one 1/4 bigger all round. Using a round panel hammer and sand bag, give the cockerell some body , and join the two together around the brass rod through the base. This Rod must extend right through.  Solder together. Add a pointer arrow underneath made from another tube (with a hole through.) slot in a thin arrow, and a thick flight. Push the rod into a larger tube with a lot of washers in between. You can add the compass points to the tube on more rods, and make them out of copper too.If you have your dimensions right it should face into the wind.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61955
Before You Start... A weather vane is also called a wind vane. It is a tool for measuring wind direction. It spins on a rod and points in the direction from which the wind comes. The weather vane is one of the oldest weather tools. The part of the vane that turns into the wind is usually shaped like an arrow. The other end is wide so it will catch the smallest breeze. The breeze turns the arrow until it catches both sides of the wide end equally. The arrow always points into the wind. The arrow tells you the direction from which the wind is coming. Materialspaper and pencilscissorscardboardcompassplastic soft drink bottleplastic drinking strawshallow pan filled with rocksfelt marking penProcedureWhat is a weather vane? When have you seen weather vanes? Write down your answers. Draw a picture of a weather vane. With the scissors, carefully cut an arrow with a tab from the tag board, as shown. Remember that scissors are sharp, so handle them carefully. Bend the tab slightly so the arrow turns easily when you put it in one end of the straw. Put the other end ofthe straw in the bottle. Remove enough rocks from the pan to make room for the bottle. Pile the rocks back around the bottle so it won t be blown over. (See illustrations above.) A compass always point north. Use your compass to find north, and then mark the four sides of the bottle E, W, N, and S with a felt pen. Set your weather vane in a high place such as the top of a playhouse or a slide. Make sure it does not wobble or tilt, and that it catches the slightest breeze. Watch your weather vane closely and then describe how it works. Test it on windy days and again when there is just a light breeze. Background Information A weather vane is a tool used to tell which direction the wind is coming from. Weather vanes are usually found on top of buildings so they will catch an open breeze. Look for them on top of barns, houses, weather stations, hardware stores, and other places that sell or use weather tools. The part of the vane that turns into the wind is usually shaped like an arrow. The other end is wide so it will catch the smallest breeze. Sometimes a metal rooster or other animal sits on top of the weather vane. You have made a weather vane! If the wind is blowing from the south, the wind is usually warm. If the wind is blowing from the north, the wind is usually cooler. Some weather vanes have directional strips underneath the arrow to make it easier to read. Your markings on the bottle do the same thing. The breeze turns the arrow on the weather vane until it catches both sides of the wide equally. The arrow always points into the wind. It is easier to see how the energy from the wind moves your weather vane if it is up high and in an open area. You might also want to experiment by putting it on the ground. A weather vane is one of the oldest weather tools. It is still used today to measure the direction of the wind. Weather vanes can only measure wind direction a few yards (meters) off the ground. Large, helium-filled weather balloons are used to measure winds high above the earth s surface. Theballoons move with the same speed and direction as the wind.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69965
Trivially simple solution.Tie a ribbon to the end of a stick and raise in in the air.

QUESTION ID: DZLWIZLKGYF5O7D
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I gain 50 pounds in 10 months?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am 160 lbs and and 6 1. I am 15 and have a very hard time gaining weight, but I am a football player. Their is a kid that is much bigger than I am and he might take my spot. I already lift alot and don t need any tips on that, but what I do need is some diet tips.And don t be a tool and just say be lazy and eat fast food.Thank you all for those great answers!and Mikey good luck with becoming a personal trainer.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6925
Well mikey makes a very valid point and i agree with most all of it.  His recommendation of the proteins is almost correct.  What you really want to make sure of is that you get two kinds of protein....your whey protein which you have in powders you can buy and your caesin protein which is found in dairy and also can be bought in shake form.  Whey protein is a fast acting protein that is delieverd through your body quickly, this i recommend taking the first thing when you wake up with breakfast, and immediately following a workout.  While sleeping the body is in a slowed state that get no nutrients for you are not eating, so when your body is deprived when you wake up you want to get this in you ASAP.  Also when you bodies muscles are fatigued after a workout you want the whey protein to get in quickly to be most effective to your growth.  Now for the caesin protein, Caesin is an equally effective but more slower acting protein.  you want to take this right before bed.  This allows you while your sleeping to induce the protein slowly and provide your body with the needed protein while you are asleep.  I find it very effective to have a glass of Milk and 4 egg whites right before bed.  When i started this method I was 170 pounds on November 1st, I am currently as of January 1st 198 pounds which is an increase of 14 pounds a month and i feel great everyday, good luck to you with your diet and football!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6926
heres what i did 2 gain about 12lbs in a month.  the 1st step u need 2 do is invest in a good protein shake mix.  i recommend musclemilk because it doesnt taste that bad.  what ur gonna do is start eating more than u usually do...but try and keep it healthy...remember this general rule...2 get big u have 2 eat big.  added 2 this increase in calories u should drink 3 protein shakes on days that u lift and 2 on off days.  on days u lift u drink 1 shake an hour b4 ur workout...then u drink the 2nd shake within an hour after ur workout...and u 3rd right b4 u go 2 bed.  on off days u drink 1 shake during the day (whenever u feel like it) and then 1 right b4 u go 2 bed.  doing this i went from 228lbs 2 240lbs in a little over a month
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6927
add oil to everything (within reason), olive oil is best. it s not heavy so you don t eat less but you do add calories. if you make pasta, cover it in oil before adding sauce, you wont taste the difference. the same can be done with potatoes. i was university athlete and we were given a talk by some of the most esteemed nutritionists in academia every year, and this advice was given to one of my teamates who was told to gain weight for the national team.   Protien is the best thing for building muscle mass and the timing of you protein intake is just as important. you say you lift, so make sure you eat protein rich foods along with fat and carbohydrate to help your body repair the damaged tissue and build muscle (performance-wise chocolate milk is the best balance). be careful with supplements, and at 15 i d suggest you stay clear of that. it can get messy, but if you do go that route don t take anything unless you know every ingredient (and they don t always have to put it all on the label so ask someone who knows for help). and check the banned substances list online. try the oil thing first and add natural protiens to your diet and healthy fats. you should also consult a doctor and inform them of your intentions to monitor you health as you alter your body. lift and eat and good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72703
See a dietician for some healthy ways to meet your goal! KJL

QUESTION ID: E0NI5K7BMQYOUA4
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i lower my blood pressure?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 41823
Hypertension is sustained elevation of resting systolic BP (??? 140 mm Hg), diastolic BP (??? 90 mm Hg), or both. Hypertension with no known cause (primary; formerly, essential hypertension) is most common; hypertension with an identified cause (secondary hypertension) is usually due to a renal disorder. Usually, no symptoms develop unless hypertension is severe or long-standing. Diagnosis is by sphygmomanometry. Tests may be done to determine cause, assess damage, and identify other cardiovascular risk factors. Treatment involves lifestyle changes and drugs, including diuretics, ??-blockers, ACE inhibitors, angiotensin II receptor blockers, and Ca channel blockers.If you do not control your hypertension, you are likely to get diabetes. The following guidelines may reduce your hypertension to a certain extent.Low sodium intake.(Sodium chloride, Monosodium glutamate, Sodium bicarbonate)*Regular exercise.*Stop tobacco smoking.*Stop consuming alcohol.*Reduce fat and oils in the diet.*Obesity - In obese subjects, losing a kilogram of mass generally reduces blood pressure by 2 mmHg. (Abdominal circumference should be less than 100 cms)*Control Diabetes Mellitus.*Avoid worry and stress.*Avoid occupational, aircraft and roadway noise exposure.Eat a low-cholesterol, low-fat diet. This kind of diet includes cottage cheese, fat-free milk, fish (not canned in oil), vegetables, poultry, egg whites, and polyunsaturated oils and margarines (corn, safflower, canola, and soybean oils). Avoid foods with excess fat in them such as meat (especially liver and fatty meat), egg yolks, whole milk, cream, butter, shortening, lard, pastries, cakes, cookies, gravy, peanut butter, chocolate, olives, potato chips, coconut, cheese (other than cottage cheese), coconut oil, palm oil, and fried foods.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9463
The medication prescribed - take it.A lot asian vegetables work too.Excercise - stay fitDrink celery juice. I know it sounds nasty, but I think it works. you have to put it through the juicerr thingy.you can get that at costco.meditation

QUESTION ID: E28B2G1MQFVESZI
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does a person s immune system know to produce antibodies when it first encounters a new virus?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77154
Through a series of steps called the immune response, the immune system attacks organisms and substances that invade our systems and cause disease. The immune system is made up of a network of cells, tissues, and organs that work together to protect the body.The cells that are part of this defense system are white blood cells, or leukocytes (pronounced: loo-kuh-sytes). They come in two basic types (more on these below), which combine to seek out and destroy the organisms or substances that cause disease. The leukocytes circulate through the body between the organs and nodes by means of the lymphatic (pronounced: lim-fah-tik) vessels. (You can think of the lymphatic vessels as a type of highway between the rest stops that are the lymphoid organs and lymph nodes). Leukocytes can also circulate through the blood vessels. In this way, the immune system works in a coordinated manner to monitor the body for substances that might cause problems.A foreign substance that invades the body is called an antigen (pronounced: an-tih-jun). When an antigen is detected, several types of cells work together to recognize and respond to it. These cells trigger the B lymphocytes to produce antibodies. Antibodies arespecialized proteins that lock onto specific antigens. Antibodies and antigens fit together like a key and a lock.Once the B lymphocytes have produced antibodies, these antibodies continue to exist in a person s body. That means if the same antigen is presented to the immune system again, the antibodies are already there to do their job.Although antibodies can recognize an antigen and lock onto it, they are not capable of destroying it without help. That is the job of the T cells. The T cells are part of the system that destroys antigens that have been tagged by antibodies or cells that have been infected or somehow changed. (There are actually T cells that are called killer cells ). T cells are also involved in helping signal other cells (like phagocytes) to do their jobs.Antibodies can also neutralize toxins (poisonous or damaging substances) produced by different organisms. Lastly, antibodies can activate a group of proteins called complement that are also part of the immune system. Complement assists in killing bacteria, viruses, or infected cells.All of these specialized cells and parts of the immune system offer the body protection against disease. This protection is called immunity. Humans have three types of immunity - innate, adaptive, and passive.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77155
More often than not it doesn t. When the virus has spread and the existing antibodies don t affect it a vaccine will be needed to teach the immune system what characteristic of the virus is to be attacked. There are viral infections to which no such vaccine is known, notably HIV.

QUESTION ID: E4RH5Z4WQHY58KP
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does a flourescent lamp gives us light?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75569
it runs electricity through a gaseous element, exciting the electrons in the element. this means that the electrons in each atom jump to a higher energy level due to the electrical energy.  then, the electrons fall back to their original energy which gives off light.  depending on the element, that s what color light it gives off, for example, atoms of neon give off orange. some give purple, pink, red, green, white.. it all depends on what energy level it is jumping down from...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75570
a fluorescent lamp is basically a glass tube filled with some kind of gas (usually mercury and argon), with electrodes at both ends of the tube, and a coating of some chemical powder (usually phosphorous) on the inner surface of the tube.when you put enough voltage across the electrodes, the gas ionizes and some of the electrons are pulled off the gas atoms.  this allows the gas to carry an electric current, which flows from one electrode to the other.  when there are enough free electrons they start to recombine with the ionized gas atoms, and this recombination releases energy in the form of light, which radiates away.  this light is of a particular wavelength or color that depends on the energy levels of the atom.the radiated light strikes the inner surface of the tube, which is coated with phosphor.  phosphorous is a fluorescent material, which means that it gives off light when it s excited by light of a particular wavelength.  the type of phosphor used in fluorescent lamps gives off a broad range of wavelengths, which makes the light appear white.  this white light is re-radiated through the glass tube, and makes the tube shine brightly!fluorescent lights are more energy-efficient than regular incandescent light bulbs because incandescents use heat to ionize the gas.  this causes the light bulb to get very hot and so a lot of energy is wasted through this heating.  fluorescent lights stay cool, so they are 5-6 times as efficient.

QUESTION ID: E5JUJYOFZFOFH3Y
QUESTION SUBJECT: Can someone give me the stept to step process on how to find mass to mass stoichiometry probloms?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2964
okay say you have the equation:2A + B ==>C + 3Dyou have to go from the mass of what you are give (lets say A from the equation above) to the mass you are trying to find (say C).if you start with grams (the mass) you must convert this to moles first before you do anything else.to convert to moles just take the gram amt and divide it by the grams per mole amount given on the periodic table. if its a compound just add up the amounts.now you have the moles of A.  now from the equation it says for every two moles of A, you make 1 mole of C. ***thats what the coeffecients mean***you have to calculate how many moles of C you have now. to do this just use the ratio. so just multiply moles of A by the ratio so: moles of A x [moles of C / moles of A]---- which means moles of A x [2 / 1]now with this number (the moles of C) convert this back to grams. moles of C x [grams/mole]of C  ---- use the numbers on the periodic table again for this, just like with A in the beginning but backwards.an overall fill in the blank is:[grams of A]/ [grams of A/mole --from periodic table]x [moles of C/ moles of A --ratio from eqn]x [grams of C/mole --from periodic table]= grams of C*** keep up with the units and make sure they cancel out to end with grams of C
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72447
http://dbhs.wvusd.k12.ca.us/webdocs/Stoichiometry/Stoichiometry.htmlfifth tutorial down

QUESTION ID: E66MSTCOBE5N364
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why don t some people believe in global warming?
QUESTION CONTENT: It s so obvious with every year giving record temperatures and all the scientific evidence. No, don t give me the pattern crap. I already know that isn t true.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70987
We re like lobsters languishing in a pot of lukewarm water. We don t want to believe in anything that might prove disruptive to our comfortable lifestyles. So, only when the water reaches a boiling point will we start screaming in agony over our own apathy. Sure, it might not affect us, but it will also certainly affect our grandchildren, great-grandchildren or great-great-grandchildren. But, what the hell...let THEM deal with it! It s not our problem!Eventually, the cyclical routine will take place. The problem is we ve helped speed up that cycle with our industrial revolution of the past 150 years. So, we ve polluted our air and destroyed our streams, rivers and oceans all for our own comfort. We ve dismantled environmental axioms designed to protect and preserve the delicate ecological balance between humans, plants and all other animals so that we can all survive on this planet. Nature (or an intelligent designer, or an evolutionary process, or God) intended for us to be STEWARDS of the Earth, NOT destroy it. But we believe it s okay to muck up out air and water, kill off rare species of plants and animals, and do anything we damn well please just because God gave us dominion over the Earth! Our own hubris, egoism, and arrogance has persuaded us that we re superior to every other creature on this planet, and so we continue our insipid ways.We asphalt over rich farm land just so we can have another glitzy shopping mall or elegant housing sub-division. Once all that farm land is turned into cement, farmers won t have anyplace to grow crops - and that means we ll have no food (contrary to contemporary man s opinion, food doesn t come from a supermarket; it comes from farm land). If we have no food, we will DIE.If the polar ice caps melt, cities on both coasts of both major oceans will be flooded, experiencing some of the most horrific tidal waves, hurricanes, and storms which man will not be able to survive. And we will DIE.If we keep shipping our trash to landfills, the landfills will eventually overflow and leach all kinds of toxic poisons into our air and waters. But, it s just more convenient for us to toss cardboard, plastics, newspapers, tin cans, scrap paper, magazines, styrofoam, phone books, aluminum, glass, steel, and all other recyclable materials into a dumpster and pay to have it hauled away. We re too busy watching a football game to take it to a recycling center on Saturday afternoon.If oil companies continue to drill in the caribou s migration paths, those animals will eventually die out. So that doesn t affect us; it might kill off a few thousands native Eskimos who need the caribou for food, clothing and shelter, but WE need cheap gas for our $60,000 SUVs. What s more important/If oil companies are allowed to drill for oil in the ocean, they will disrupt the natural habitats of myriad creatures of the sea. That means they won t be able to reproduce, which means coral reef (yes, that s a living marine animal), tuna, dolphin, whales, and countless other sea-faring inhabitants might disappear. That means future generations may not even be able to fix a simple tuna casserole for dinner.Why don t some people believe in global warming? Because some people just aren t smart enough to see past their own avarice and gluttony.                                              -RKO-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72101
Help put an end to Global warming. Go to www.StopGlobalwarming.org        and sign up for your free membership.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82860
B/c they re in denial ... or they re just that d@mn ignorant LOL
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82861
actually we dont know for def that it is true . now hold on a minute I believe it is true ,but our scientific records dont go back far enough.to catagorically prove it and some people say all the time PROVE IT and we cant .when their assss is floating out their door and down the street then you can say there happy now.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82862
1.  They don t understand science.2.  They don t see it as a problem.3.  They don t want to sacrifice their lifestyle.4.  They think it won t happen until they re really old or dead.

QUESTION ID: E6T3QJO7RJPF1TI
QUESTION SUBJECT: In Return of the King, why did Frodo have to leave the Shire? Where was the ship going?
QUESTION CONTENT: Sure, he changed destroying the ring, but why did he have to leave his home and friends?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78632
Not only because he changed that he left the Shire. Frodo went away also because he had been hurt so badly that the memory of pain and anguish was still heavily present, and even his beloved country was not the same for him, and he couldn t enjoy it. Do you remember his own words? I am wounded. Wounded. It will never really heal. That s why he decided to go to the Havens, that led to the Undying Land of the Elves. For though the Ring perished, the recollection of its power still oppressed him, and beyond Middle Earth he would find peace at last.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48693
I agree with Lucy.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48694
Yeah I agree with Lucy, and I can tack on a few more comments.The hobbits symbolized innocence, I have always thought of them as childlike in the best way. They enjoy their creature comforts, they like security and familiarity (lots of play and parties, but not many adventures), most hobbits enjoyed a life of peaceful non-threatening simplicity and knew nothing of the outside dangers around them. This is why they were so beloved by others, like Gandalf: for their innocence, their vulnerability, and their sincerity. I like to think that the hobbits reminded others about what was good in life.The hobbits were mostly left alone to be free of outside influence...and yet there were folks who looked after them without their knowing: Gandalf, as a wizard, could see a very big picture over long periods of time and the whole Middle Earth, worked tirelessly in his order to anticipate trouble, and keep things running smoothly...Gandalf was really the only wizard who bothered with the hobbits and Saruman considered them a distraction for him. Also the Rangers (who were descendents of Isildur andhis crew who had been banished after the Ring came into the hands of men, they still had their honor but no trust with others, they became a sort of bounty hunter/highway patrol for lands surrounding the Shire, doing good but solitary, misunderstood work...one of the Rangers was King Aragorn himself.) The hobbits also coexisted with the citizens of Bree who were more simple, workaday (hobbit-y) men who probably also gave a certain protection being closeby and friendly with them. And yet the hobbits, while they knew they had no trouble with others, didn t know the amount of protection they had, and also shied away from and were scared of many of those same people. Frodo and Bilbo, Sam to some extent (being literate and having a fascination with the elves) were different from most hobbits. Bilbo had fairy blood in his family tree which made him more adv than the rest of them and this is what made him even begin to consider running off with the dwarves to slay Smaug the dragon ages before. Frodo learned to seek adv from his uncle Bilbo from hearing the stories we know in the Hobbit. But all three were considered somewhat weird by their own people...and yet Frodo was still a hobbit and had enjoyed much of that innocence in his earlier life, when adventures were just stories told by Bilbo.SO when Frodo came back, having carried the Ring, (the very symbol of evil that his people had never understood) as well as seeing and doing such vast grand, unhobbity things, he could not regain his innocence and fully enjoy a life in the Shire. Plus he was wounded in the shoulder and missing a finger. So he stuck around long enough to finish the book that Frodo started, hand it over to Sam, and then he went to the Gray Havens, the port that the Elves used to go to the Undying Lands, which I have always equated with Heaven. Bilbo went too, he was very very old, he had been hounded by the Ring and was still somewhat addicted to it, and saw the voyage as his last adventure...and he needed some peace in his life too. Gandalf alsowent, having been sent back from death and resurrected as Gandalf the White, in order to FINISH the mission of getting the Ring taken care of, so with that accomplished, he had completed his life s purpose. And I think Elrond and Galadriel (kind of like the High King and Queen of the elves) and a few other elves were the last to leave Middle Earth on that voyage.

QUESTION ID: E74IR4F6YJOG6V6
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does nascar call grand national cars stock cars?
QUESTION CONTENT: Those cars are not stock. They are custom made racing cars covered by a body shell that makes them look a little like a stock car. Do the stupid rednecks believe they are stock? The NHRA would call those cars funny cars. Do they have any rules that stipulate what parts of the car have to be from a production car.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74365
Back in the early days of NASCAR, they actually did race stock cars... That is, cars you could buy right off the showroom floor, with very few modifications for performance or safety.Over the years, as cars got bigger and engines more powerful, there were more accidents, and more drivers injured or killed. NASCAR started changing the rules to make the cars safer and more competative.  First, they required seat belts and roll bars, then full roll cages. They went from gas tanks to fuel cells. They restricted the horsepower of the engines and made other modifications to make the cars stronger and safer. Over the last 50 years, the race cars have evolved into what you see today... A completely hand-built racing machine that somewhat resembles a factory production car.  You can find more information on the cars and the history behind them on the NASCAR web site.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23093
hey,why they got to be rednecks??they look more stock then a funny car.And to answer the other dolt :it is a sport.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23094
Rich, if golfing is considered a sport, racers are MAJOR athletes. Many attributes of atheletes are endurance, stamina, and precision. These drivers have to be physically fit enough to endure temperatures of 130 degrees while wearing a fireproof driving suit that doesn t breathe, maintaining mental acuity to manhandle nearly two tons of metal inches from other cars and the finesse and reaction times needed to keep these cars pointed in the right direction all the time for up to 4 hours... no halftime, no timeouts. Drivers can lose up to 10 pounds in fluids in a single race. And, in racing, if something goes out of bounds it ain t coming back.And tyger, while it is true that the amount of stock in a stock car is more a memory and a squint of the eye, it is still based on production vehicles instead of exotics that Mr. and Mrs. Consumer would never be able to afford. Yeah, single-carburated pushrod V-8 engines backed by a 4-speed tranny linked to a solid rear axle. No turbochargers, no fuel injection, no carbon fiber bodies. Old school.In my opinion, it isn t the rednecks that are stupid for believing the cars are stock, but the people who assume these fans to be that stupid (or even redneck) are certainly showing their own ignorance.You re either a fan, or you re not. My arguments here won t necessarily make a convert of a non-believer. To each his own.But, you should at least have all the facts before you cast such an ignorant perspective.Oh... and have a nice day.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29656
Same people that believe NASCAR is a sport.  Next they will be telling us that the drivers are athletes.

QUESTION ID: E77MVOSMH40WXMZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are some forms of cancer more common in young people and others more common in old people?
QUESTION CONTENT: I know cancer doesn t discriminate when it comes to age,sex,race etc...but i have heard that certain cancers strike different age groups....why is this so??? why would cancers like lymphoma, leukemia or osteosarcoma mostly affect adolescents, as opposed to cancers like prostate cancer or colon cancer which usually affect people older than 50????
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86053
Wilms Tumor is a children s cancer. Though I know of one woman in her 30 s that just finished treatment.Wilms generally affects children between the ages of 3 and 4.  I have not known too many teens with leukemia. Mostly elementary school children.I would contact the American Cancer Society for really detailed info.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86054
The 200 different kinds of cancer have many different causes. IMMUNE SYSTEMS become weakened by poor nutrition, lack of exercise and reduced oxygen. Once that happens, our body becomes vulnerable to common STRESSORS. Stressors can be environmental, like viruses, heavy metals, pesticides, food additives, electromagnetic waves or pollution. They can be internal things like emotional or job stress, or poisonous people in our lives. Aging is also a contributing factor. So this means:               WEAK IMMUNE SYSTEM  +  STRESSORS  =  DISEASE  (cancer, diabetes, heart disease, etc.) Our bodies have 60 trillion--yes, trillion--cells, and there are always some mutating into cancer cells, but a healthy immune system kills them before they have a chance to get a foothold in the body. It takes a LONG time, usually, or a high level of stressors, to weaken the immune system to the point where it won t do its job, but once cancer has formed, it will generally spread rapidly.Cancer in young people usually have a genetic link, or a very high level of stressors.

QUESTION ID: E7FH01CLLHGLZGA
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can my school report about cancer be better then others and how can i find reaserches about cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85474
You could start by visiting the American Cancer Society website.  Try to figure out what their latest campaign is and make that the center of your paper. It will help to give urgency and relevance to your paper.  Also, consider gathering some local (State, City) statitistics.  You can probably find something relatively recent by searching the archives of your local newspaper.  This can usually be done at a school or local library for free.  Again, adding a local angle will make the information more interesting for the reader.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85475
Do research focused on teenagers and young adults with cancer and the difficulites they face. They are a unique and overlooked group with very special needs and problems and they are often invisible in the medical community. A teenager is not really a pediatric patient, but neither are they adults . . they have no oncologist that specialize in the problems that they face. Most normal teens are learning how to separate from their parents and move on with future plans. Teens with cancer are often undergoing time consuming treatment and face isolation from their peers and the real fear that they may not have a future. All the fears that a normal teen has are suddenly realized in the teen with cancer. They lose their hair, they fear they are no longer attractive, due to treatment they lose their fertility at a young age, many find school work hard to complete, insurance and finding jobs become difficult if not impossible (who wants to hire someone whose had cancer). I could go on and on. Do the research . . what is available for young people with cancer? Many who complete their treatments find out that they have secondary ailments and perhaps life long disabilities. At the moment there are few options in place for them.My son is now 19 years old and has been fighting a rare and aggressive abdominal sarcoma for 22 months. When he was first diagnosed he was in a children s hospital. He was six feet tall and did not fit in the beds on the pediatric floor. They had to find an extension for the bed. None of the hospital gowns fit him either . . they were too small . . When he had an episode where he couldn t catch his breath (he had blood clots to the lung) they tried to put a pediatric mask over his adult sized face. And, one time when he needed blood drawn and couldnt use the central line, they tried to draw blood using a babies needle. . it took about twenty minutes of trying to draw the blood (painful!!)When he had an operation at an adult hospital he got just the opposite treatment . . he was placed on a floor with elderly patients. The place was okay, but devoid of things he was used to in the childrens hospital . . no access to teen games, books, films, etc . . no one his age anywhere nearby . . and nurses who were used to treating adult patients. At 17 years old he felt really alone.So there are many issues that need to be addressed by the medical community on how best to serve this population of patients.  Here are a few sites where you can read about what it is like to be a teen or young adult with cancer:Planet Cancerhttp://www.planetcancer.org/html/index.phpYoung Adults with Cancerhttp://www.vitaloptions.org/yawc.htmTeens Living with Cancerhttp://www.teenslivingwithcancer.org/Sloan Kettering -For Teens Onlyhttp://www.mskcc.org/mskcc/html/64221.cfmTeen Info on Cancerhttp://www.click4tic.org.uk/HomeUlman cancer fundhttp://www.ulmanfund.org/Teens get cancer toohttp://www.dukehealth.org/articles/teens_get_cancer_tooGood luck with your report.

QUESTION ID: E8CGT6JN18ZDEVE
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is public understanding of science so poor?
QUESTION CONTENT: There seem to be a large number of people asking politically motivated questions about science on here who don t appear to have an adequate education to even phrase the question, let alone comprehend the answer.Why do they think science is about proving theories, when it is all about disproving hypotheses?Why do they think that evidence which cannot yet be explained by a theory invalidates all the evidence that is explained by it?Why do they think that evidence that cannot yet be explained by a theory will never be explained by a more refined version of the same theory?Why do they think that the process of refining theories to better fit the evidence somehow invalidates the whole sequence of improving theories?Why do they think that widespread agreement within a field is evidence of a conspiracy, rather than evidence of solid scientific investigation and peer review?And why are they using Yahoo Answers to score dubious political points off a disinterested audience?Please note that I did not specify American public. Asking why some Americans seem to think nothing beyond their borders is relevant to their lives (unless they are killing them by the hundreds of thousands and mourning only those thousand or so who die who are also American) is a separate question I may well ask in the future.Sorry to be blunt, but that kind of master race arrogance is why most of the rest of the world hates America. That and George W the moron Bush.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10594
People dont get it because its all about LEARNING things off!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12801
I believe we have to completely rethink science education.We spend too much time teaching kids the *results* of science (biology, chemistry, physics) etc. without giving them a real foundation of WHAT SCIENCE *IS*.It is really easy to teach science as dogma ... this is the periodic table of elements.  This is fluorine.  Fluorine has atomic number 9.  That means it has 9 protons in the nucleus. Blah blah. All well and good.  But when kids don t know *why* we believe these things ... when they don t know the difference between a hypothesis, a theory, or a law ... then memorizing periodic tables, or the difference between mitosis and meiosis is pointless.*Great* question!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17316
the main reason is, people are lazythats the very nature of humanthe answer is that simple for the question that u asked and i believe no answer can match mine, so pick me as the best
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41924
Interesting question, and you have some interesting responses. I have to agree that too much emphasis is placed on rote learning, rather than on understanding why something is happening. Another part of the problem is that many people are becoming less and less inclined to do their own thinking. Witness the Entertainment Tonight and National Enquirerer; phenomenon. Bits of gossip and inuendo, chopped into 30 second bites, because the audience loses interest after 30 seconds and wants to move on to something else. Why are they using Yahoo Answers? Perhaps because it is a medium so readily accessible, and so totally uncritical of content.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41925
I suspect you d be amazed and disgusted to know that a great many campaign managers look to sites like this one, where responses to topics of specific interest to today s political climate can be compiled to create a database of what floats people s boats.  That s of critical interest to their candidates hopes for achieving the power and prestige, to say nothing of the riches, of public office.  That said, people are generally ignorant of science because of the way it is taught - or not taught - in public schools in the U.S.  Many high school students don t have to have a single science course in order to graduate - and most of those who do are presented one or two options, each of which is an introductory course that fails to teach the most basic thing about science - the scientific method.When a teacher who has taken no specialized courses during college is assigned to teach a thing like math or science, the result is often abysmal - because the teacher knows no more of the topic than his or her students.  The result - the teacher reads the textbook to the kids.  The kids learn enough to pass a test written by the teacher based on what he or she read to the kids.  That means that even the kids who get an A come away with no more knowledge of the subject than the kids who earn only a D .  This has been going on in the U.S. since before it ever became the U.S.   The country was settled by people who weren t intellectuals, weren t learned men and women of science, weren t the upper crust .  They were lower-class individuals with an innate distrust of learning and learned men.  They were right, in a sense, because during Colonial days, America was a rough place, and survival depended not on book smarts but on brute, backbreaking labor.  It took generations for life to become easy enough for most Americans to have the time for higher pursuits like college degrees.  That meant that generations of descendants of those original settlers retained their ancestors prejudice against higher learning.  And we ve never, as a society, overcome that.  And without a sustained, all-out effort by everyone with even a modest understanding of the critical importance of science to society, we never will.  How likely is that?  About as likely as the chances that most participants on this forum will read to this point in my answer!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41926
I don t believe I had good teachers in science that gave me a solid background in scientific principles. I was very good in every other subject and struggled with science. I did this through middle school, high school and then again in college. I am not one who blames teachers for everything but I had a good grasp of every other subject. I may have run into a few excellent teachers in later years, but I think that is a bit too late if one does not have the basics. This of course is my opinion of why I do not have a good grasp of science. I am sure it is not everyone s experience and I certainly am not criticizing hard working teachers. As an added comment, perhaps it is the school curriculum in the sciences rather than the teachers themselves.

QUESTION ID: E8ZMD5RANBBQPU0
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people faint in the face of danger?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73351
People that faint in the face of danger, are suffering from a suddenly and significant drop in blood pressure.Fainting is actually a valuable self protective response.When blood pressure drops this way, there is a chance the brain won t get enough blood, because it s at the highest point of the body. That s no good - your brain needs a steady supply of the oxygen the blood carries. So when your body can t get enough blood to your brain because of low blood pressure, it protects you by bringing your brain down to the blood. In other words, the purpose of a faint is to ensure a blood supply to the brain by bringing your head down to the ground, so your heart doesn t have to overcome gravity.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 73352
vasovagal syncope, this is the common faint associated with a stress response of the autonomic nervous system which can either suddenly lower the pulse rate, the blood pressure or both together. It is one of the neurally-mediated reflex syncopes.Fainting or syncope is a sudden (and generally momentary) loss of consciousness due to a lack of sufficient blood and oxygen reaching the brain. The first symptoms a person feels before fainting are dizziness and feeling hot. Moments later, the person s vision turns black and he or she drops to the floor (or slumps if seated in a chair).Factors that influence fainting are taking in too little food and fluids, low blood pressure, hypoglycemia, physical exercise in excess of the energy reserve of the body, and lack of sleep. Even standing up too quickly or being in too hot a room can cause fainting.Fainting involves a temporary reduction of blood (and therefore oxygen) supply to the brain, resulting in a blackout. Many forms of syncope are benign and easy to associate with clear precipitants that can be avoided. Such precipitants can include many common situations and recreational drugs as well as therapeutic drugs.

QUESTION ID: EATP3REJZM6VRP0
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74013
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground.  If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74014
The short answer is that the Earth s atmosphere (mostly nitrogen and oxygen) is very good at reflecting the blue light that comes from the sun, while it absorbs the other colors. This is also why the sky will look most blue directly across from the sun (because the light has to travel farther through our atmosphere to get to that point).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74015
STOP IT!!!UGHH!!! my last one today (23rd today)

QUESTION ID: EBMHKZTCFPYT01X
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is ATP created and used in living organisms?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4088
Sounds like a homework question again...ATP is created by the breakdown of glucose starting with Glycolysis and ending at the Electron Transport Chain (where MOST of the ATP is generated).  A single molecule of glucose can produce 38 ATP, though some of it is spent in the process (net yield around 32-34 ATP).  The energy from ATP is housed in the unstable phosphate bonds.  The more phosphates bound to the molecule, the more unstable it is.  That s why ADP is more stable than ATP, and AMP is most stable of all.  The formation of ATP takes a Phosphate from an intermediate and adds it to ADP (creating ATP).  This may be done using enzymes, called substrate-level phosphorylation, or it may be done by creating a H+ gradiant and moving the ions through to power an enzyme that adds the phosphate- called oxidative phosphorylation.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Substrate-level_phosphorylation  Substrate-levelhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oxidative_phosphorylation  OxidativeThe release of the phosphate on ATP making it ADP releases an amount of energy that can do work wherever it s needed.  It may help catalyze a reaction, move molecules, or create other molecules.  In muscle contraction, for example, ATP is needed to releasethe filaments of a sarcomere so it can shorten thus producing a contraction.My instructor told me once (however they calculate this I wouldn t know) that it takes 30 million ATP to lift a cup of coffee.  The amount we use daily is an astronomical number.Read up on how ATP is formed and used more specifically: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adenosine_triphosphate
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62379
created by kreb s cycle, which occurs in the inner mitochondrial matrix.  (can also be made via fermentation if little oxygen is present... tho this is very costly to the body and way less ATP is made per cycle)used- by all cells via cellular respiration.

QUESTION ID: ECX40KDTY17LPHJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: does god really exsist ? why cant everyone be happy ?
QUESTION CONTENT: i used to believe in god but now i dont. too many people died this year around me. one of my relative killed herself recently.i really wanted her to be happy...
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 37338
I dont know if god exists and neither does anyone else, regardless of what they believe. First question is: what is god ? Easy, it is a three letter word.  Second question: What is YOUR interpretation of this word? By the way you have worded this question it sounds like you already have a picture of what (or who in your case) god is. This picture is no doubt based on the christian church idea of god that you have interpreted from this view. Start again. I am not saying that the church is wrong, neither am i saying it is right. But it is not the way to find god. You do that yourself. One thing i am certain of is that it does not make sense to blame a word for the troubles in life.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8663
no. not as a physical entity but a set of guide lines and answers for people.  Strife and hard times build character and help form ech of us into who we are.  How can ever know yourself if your never tested?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8664
Approximately 80% of all people on earth believe in a god or gods. How can we reconcile this widespread belief in supernatural beings with an indisputable fact: There is not even the slightest shred of objective evidence proving the existence of alleged supernatural beings, such as a god or gods.Whereas prehistoric human societies benefited from the belief in the supernatural, the opposite situation prevails in our modern world. Science has transformed nature from a force that man feared and held in awe, to a force that is subservient to him. Untamed nature was, and still is, man???s greatest enemy. However, man no longer fears nature. Man has tamed nature and he now dominates nature to a very high degree.However, obsolete genes favoring the adoration of gods do not disappear overnight. The persistent presence of religious belief systems within modern society restrains rational thought processes. Religion is the essence of irrationality and is a poor substitute for factual, scientific knowledge. Religion, magic and superstition do not provide desired results because they rely on inherently faulty premises.In times of trouble, some people still pray for intervention by the god(s). Prayers are requests by confessedly unworthy persons to have the laws of the universe repealed in their favor. In a war, if soldiers in opposite trenches pray to God, who does he listen to?Discussions regarding religion alway come to the question: Does god exist? What do we mean when we say that something exists? As far as human beings are concerned, nothing exists unless it manifests itself in some form, shape or manner to man or to his extended sensory perceptions.If something is claimed to exist but does not impinge on man in any way whatsoever, we can safely say that it does not exist as far as human existence is concerned. This purported mirage may still exist somewhere in the universe or another universe. However, since this alleged object or event does not manifest itself to us, it does not affect us in any way whatsoever and we must simply state that it does not exist as far as human beings are concerned. Religious people argue that, although they cannot prove that god exists, atheists cannot prove that god does not exist. This argument is inherently faulty. It is logically impossible to prove that an object or event does not exist. However, it is theessence and the backbone of science to provide evidence that something does exist. If something exists, such as energy, matter or space, it manifests itself to us by objective evidence. We can measure such manifestations.Only persons, who do not utilize logic, will accept as true statements that are completely unsupported by factual evidence. Yet, this form of irrationality and lack of fundamental logic is the foundation of all religions. Since approximately 80 % of the world population accepts the completely unsubstantiated statements of various religions, 80 % of the world population suffers from a severely distorted and thus ineffective worldview. The bible account of the creation of man and the universe, as set forth in the Book of Genesis, is in such contradiction to irrefutable facts that a rational person cannot help but laugh about such fantasies. It may be all right for children to believe in Santa Claus and the Tooth Fairy, but functional adults are expected to outgrow such fairy tales.Another absurdity is imbedded in the fact that every religion claims to pray to the one and only true god. How can such contradiction be rationalized? Who is the true god? Allah, or Jesus, or Jehovah, or Buddha, or Krishna?Where was the Jewish God Jehovah, when Hitler incinerated six million of his chosen people; where was the Buddha when Truman vaporized 250,000 Japanese women and children; where was the Christian God when Stalin killed thirty million Christians? When your relative killed herself, why did God allow that?  To say that we can t see or know the BIG plan is not explaining anything.  If there is a god that allows bad things to happen to good people, then who need him....big plan or not.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17117
well there a practical guide called the kabbalah, it makes you have a different reaction towards life
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37339
Well buta. The things you mentioned in your post, in my opinion, do not get anyone to discover that God does not exist. Anyway, you seem to be having a not so good time... But remember, for some people, by the contrary, they find the meaning of their lives exactly in God.So. Philosophically, it is not the case of believing or not believing in It. Things exists beyong our intentions and beliefs, you know.??aaah. The only thing that one needs to be happy is to have something to wait for (Aristotle said it). So, if you are unhappy or if you want make someone happy (or happier), try to make plans for the future (for you of with them...). Then you ll do things in your days which will have meanings, cause they will lead you to turnyour plan true. And if the plan did not came true, then this is one more reason to stay happy and to say doing things, it is: to stay living!That s it. Believe, God exists eve though we can t see it around us. It exists for those who have something to do on this Earth (namely: help the others).Ie - B r a z i l
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37340
I would like to think he exists, cos my sister s a catholic and she wouldn t be pleased if she thought I didn t believe. But my mum and dad are dead and I truly believe they are looking after me, I know they are. My mum was really scared of how the world is today, I wish she was here today, but am so glad she can t be scared anymore.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37341
u should still believe in god.since she died it was her time to go.just like my kitten.i promised her i would take her on Halloween. she died a few weeks after that.i prayed and preyed to god (before she was dead)to keep her alive but she died.but after thati prayed to him many of times and he answered them.of course we would be happy if there weren t all these stupid wars. well if u have anymore questions email me at pawlicki_tsp96@yahoo!.comand i hope u choose me as your best answer.be happy!!!!!!!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37343
To cover the first question, lets assume whatever it is which enables you to live,this world, and the universe, and everything beyond it to exist, is called God, whether it be a personality, luck, or just the result of what we call time.If living on this earth is the only living we will ever experience, whatever God is has either no feelings, or no power to do anything about the suffering which goes on, on this earth.If there is an afterlife, and that afterlife lasts for ever, and is totally happy for everyone, then it could be that God knows the future for us all, and knows that our wonderful future depends on the tiny (in relativity terms) amount of time we spend during our lives, and the suffering we do here, but doesn t interfere because in the everlasting afterlife we will benefit from our live on Earth.If God is a personality which judges people on whether they have the ability to have faith in that God, if that God also makes people unable to believe in that God, due to their experience, and rewards some. Then I could have no respect for that God, as no one should be made to suffer, for the benefit of the few.I write as an agnostic, and I would like to believe a situation I have imagined, where everyone got everything after death.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37344
God only exists in the minds of those who choose to believe it exists. so, yes, god exists. Everyon can t be happy because some people choose unhappyness. or have it thrust upon them.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37345
Am truly sorry to hear that. I do believe in God. Is it enough to be happy? Maybe we only learn through pain and suffering horrible though it is, according to the bible even God as Jesus had to endure the worst kind of pain and suffering for our sakes, so God definitely knows and understands your pain. make some right choices today. God Blezz
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52477
No he doesn t exist

QUESTION ID: EELJEPH4F2MBOOU
QUESTION SUBJECT: If annuerisms are so deadly why is it there is so little public knowledge of them..?
QUESTION CONTENT: Some weeks ago I was rushed to hospital with Kidney stones.While conducting an ultra sound it was dicovered I had a 5.7 cm anuerism on the aorta behind the stomache.....Hospital trips and finally major surgery....Now on th e mend...... If it were not for the kidney stones I would of died within the next 5 years from a burst anuerism...and I would of been none the wiser
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88117
I believe there is not much public knowledge mostly because the exact cause of aneurysms are not known.  There are some factors that can contribute to aneurysms that I have read such as smoking and high blood pressure, but again in what I have read they can t pin point exactly what causes them.  Some people are born with a weakness in the aortic wall that makes them more susceptible to aneurysm such as Marfan Syndrome. Aneurysms can develop anywhere along the aorta, but mostly occur in the abdominal section and are  called abdominal aortic aneurysms. Aneurysms that occur in the upper part of the aorta are called thoracic aortic aneurysms.Aortic aneurysms often grow slowly and usually without symptoms, making them difficult to detect. Not all aortic aneurysms reach the point of rupture.Many start small and stay small, although many expand over time. Some aortic aneurysms enlarge slowly, increasing less than half an inch a year. Others expand at faster rates, which increases the risk of rupture. The rate at which aortic aneurysms may expand is difficult to predict also. I do know what you are trying to say.  I had a friend who had a aneurysm, no one knew, no symptoms no nothing, and unfortunately it burst and killed him instantly.  He did not smoke nor did he have high blood pressure or any other health problems, but you are correct, there should be more public knowledge of this because it is serious and dangerous.  They could not find what caused his aneurysm when an autopsy was done.  I am glad yours was found and you are on the mend.  I hope you feel better soon and best wishes to you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68927
Because they re not a popular cause. A lot of diseases (cancers, AIDS, etc) attract a lot of attention. The degree of attention isn t always a measure of how serious the condition is to patients. If a condition gets a celebrity sponsor or ad campaign, then it becomes well known.Your story is, unfortunately,typical. Most aneurysms we see were found by accident. In fact, I assisted on a case identical to yours.The key is risk factor recognition and appropriate screening.On the other hand, we in the medical field are guilty about not looking for aneurysms. Most ruptured aneurysms patients have seen a doctor within 3 months. If you know what to look for (and it s taught in med school), it s usually easy to feel a significant aneurysm. The exception is in someone with a large belly.It s good to know that you ve recovered. If you have children, they should probably get a screening abdominal ultrasound at age 50.

QUESTION ID: EEOBVBKJ6MI4RVK
QUESTION SUBJECT: Would you consider a career in science? Why or why not?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8280
Yeh def. I wanted to go into forensic science and be a lab tech but my brain has some kind of problem with math. It would never work out. But science is extremely interesting, and it is a never ending learning exprience.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21901
First, ask yourself, do you like science?  If the answer is no, then do not let it be your career.  Life is too short to do spend the majority of your life doing things that you do not enjoy.I majored in chemistry and chemical engineering.  The sciences have taught me critical thinking skills, logic, and an appreciation of learning the unknown.What you must decide is what do you want to do in life, but in a grand scale.  Do you want to own your own business one day?  Do you want to work for a company and be an employee?  There are pros and cons to each.Then decide what do you like to do.  Do you like doing research?  Are you a person who meets others easily?  Are you they type of person who gets the project done when others have failed?  I ask these questions so that you can get an idea of where to go.Finally, if you decide that you like science and you want a career in science, be prepared to tolerate or enjoy mathematics.  In addition, you need to be detailed oriented.  In the sciences, you need to know the details.As for me, I majored in science.  But my career is in sales and management.  The sciences taught me how to analyze information.  Sales and management helps me make a living.Hope it helps!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21902
Yes is my answer.Science is so charming and working with such a attractive partener is exciting.When speaking of science, research is the focus, as Chewy said 2 weeks ago, if you love ask questions and analyze what has been observed go for it.or like Carpetman_1998 said 2 weeks ago, if you like science, then go. Yes, I like science, for the fun in research,but more for the educational significance which taught me critical thinking skills, logic, and an appreciation of learning the unknown (Carpetman1998,2 weeks ago). I don t think that a career in science is simply the research work. To be a person who will let more people know the science and benifit from science e.g. a teacher , is also nice, isn t it? Not everyone can be the scientist to explore the unknow world and not everyone can be the educator to convince the people, but my instests and capability told me that I am closer to the latter. I also considered it as a carrer in science.Churchill told us a man may acquire great knowledge of topics unconnected with his daily work,and yet hardly get any benefit or relief.it is no use doing what you like;you have got to like what you do. Isn t it a tragedy? Thanks for your good question.I have a new appreciation of my carrer.

QUESTION ID: EFJCO7DNJVXOOOD
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to treat diarrhea in a toddler.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74267
While rarely serious when treated properly, diarrhea can send your toddler to the hospital if he becomes dehydrated, so your first concern should be giving him enough liquids. If your toddler isn t also vomiting, it should be fairly easy to give him extra water to drink. If he can t keep liquids down, though, or if his diarrhea is severe (a watery bowel movement every two hours or more), call his doctor, who may suggest a pediatric electrolyte solution, like Pedialyte, ReVital, or a generic brand. These solutions are available in drugstores and come in flavors that most toddlers will readily drink if they re dehydrated.Avoid sweetened fluids like sodas (including ginger ale), athletic drinks (like Gatorade), Jell-O, sugar water, and undiluted fruit juices. All of these contain sugar that will draw water into the intestine and make the diarrhea worse. Also don t use anti-diarrhea medication unless the doctor prescribes it.Doctors now advise continuing to feed solid foods to a child with diarrhea. While there s nothing wrong with feeding your toddler the classic BRAT diet (bananas, rice, applesauce, and dry toast), the AAP says any foods made up of complex carbohydrates, such as rice, wheat, potatoes, bread, and cereal, as well as lean meats, yogurt, fruits, and vegetables, are safe to eat. (If your toddler temporarily refuses to eat, don t worry. As long as he stays hydrated his appetite should return in a day or two.)Studies have shown that live bacterial cultures, found in yogurt, are a safe and effective way to cut down on the amount and duration of diarrhea. It s an easy way to treat the problem, especially if your toddler loves the taste of yogurt. Just be sure to buy yogurt with lactobacillus, or live cultures.If your toddler is uncomfortable during a bout of diarrhea, try to cuddle and comfort him as much as possible and keep his bottom dry. Use care, tenderness, and plenty of diaper cream when changing him, since it s easy for your toddler s bottom to become red and irritated from the loose stools.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16522
The other answer given is obviously thorough enough to satisfy your question, but I feel the need to simplify this.  First you need an anti-diarrhea medicine that is safe for a toddler (best to just ask a doctor or a neighbor/co-worker with kids what is best), then give the child Pedialyte (hydrating fluid, and there is no better than Pedialyte without going to a doctor.  I am a serious athlete and this fluid is hands down the absolute best substance for keeping yourself hydrated...believe it).  Other than that, just wait be patient, let the medicine work, and stay observant for blood or other foreign/suspicious substances in the poop.Good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48461
Pedialite.... Im not sure about the yogurt thing suggested by the other posted because I know when your having stomach problems you shouldnt intake any dairy products or asprin products....

QUESTION ID: EJPEOB23Z5UYEFJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much do i have to pay to publish a book? Do i even have to pay?
QUESTION CONTENT: ya see im writing a book here and im almost done, this is my first book, so im like going crazy and searching the internet to see more info on publishing books. so im looking for anyone who knows how much i have to pay to publish a book. And if anyone of u people are authors than please write to me and tell me your point of view of being a writer, if that happens i would really appreciate it! But u guys dont have to be authors to answer me, im just saying if an author wrote to me i would be so happy that i would jump out of the window....!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 63450
to SELF publish a book, you need about 300$, google print-on demand.If you want to be a writer, do it as a career. That is -- do whatever anyone pays you to do. Build a RESUME and a PORTFOLIO ( of stuff people paid you to do, such as articles for a magazine ) so when you go get the book you actually want to write published, you have a name and they will take it. If you go on your own, you CANNOT sell it. Middlesex became a bestseller because it had FOUR SALESMEN working on it, who send grab-bags of girlie-items as gifts to teen mags to entice them to review it. YOU can send all the grab bags you want, because you do not work for a largepublishing company no one will review your book.I had this idea to advertize my novel in Second Life but turns out you re only supposed to advertise in-game stuff in there, but if you advertize Real World things, you are an evil, corporate profiteer who wants to take advantege of computer geeks and gamers to turn a proffit. Never mind that no matter how many books i sell, i still LOST money on it, given the 5 years of my life i did nothing but write it and polish it. Advertising is only ok if it s done by real ad angencies -- not a private person like me and you! BUT, i ll give you another exmaple. my job is to be a programmer. i am paid to do it. they take my code and run it for a big bank. BUT if i went on my own and wrote code after work, and tried to give it to a big bank, the big bank would be like why are you bothering us? Take your program and shove it. I m saying that the age of writing a book and publishing it is over, and now you have to view it like any job: find an employer! Your first employer will probably be a small magazine. to impress them enough, you shoudl probably have a popular blog or win awards and have acomplishments AS WELL AS having a creative writing degree. Once you work in your industry long enough to know all the editor s KIDS NAMES you can then by-pass the 100,000-book-deap slush pike and talk to the guy over lunch and say hey, i wrote such-and-such for 10 years, now i have this novel, would you be interested? I sacrificed 5 years of my life for my novel. got rid of TV. got rid of (mostly) video games. I wrote after work, and after a full day at work sitting in a cubicle, i did NOT want to sit in front of a PC to write. it felt like i had TWO JOBS but i wanted to finsih what was so easy to do in college. IT SOLD TWO COPIES. I took out an add in Fantasy and Science Fiction for 4 months and nothing. But i m a terrible salesman, if you are a good salesman, you can probably sell as many as 100 copies of your self-published book. Basically, DON T DO IT. make friends. play video games. if you wanna write to escape into your own fantasy world instead of one scripted by hollywood, that s one thing, but if you want ppl to read what you write, you MUST do it as a career.AND if you do major in creative writing, you need to make it a double-major with a more realistic major that can make you money in the real world in case the writign thing fails. does not have to be glamorous, just so you don t end up living with your parents when you graduate, because most ppl who believe in follow your dream end up living with their parents. you just don t HEAR about them from the sucessful ppl -- but they are there --  on match.com -- living with parents, and i refuse to date them. Amazon has a self-publsihing thing that if you do it, you can search 3 chapters of a book. Booksurge? i think? look up amazon print on demand and then look at some of thosse books on amazon. read the first 3 chapters. realize that every single one of those ppl think that THEIR book is actually readable and better than the rest of those books, just like you think about your own book.the days of sending a story to a magazine and publishing it and starting a career that way are over. there are more writers now and fewer readers. that s the reason now that it turned into a structured career path.a better outlet for creativity now is youtube. that s the future.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4700
I would caution you about vanity publishing,unless you ve got the cash to shell out(we re talking 100 s of dollars)plus,no matter what the brochure or the website says,YOU will have to do the heavy lifting,(publicity,marketing,etc) so unless you want to go through the truoble(and expense)of selling your book out of the trunk of your car,you should send your work to a reputable publishing house,in other words,someone who ll pay YOU for the time and sweat it took to write your novel.Is it a gamble?Yup.But then,isn t anything worthwhile worth taking the risk of rejection?Believe me, you get over the sting quick enough.Get yourself(from the library if possible a) copy of Best Of The Writer s Markets. This will give you an up to date clearly written notes on such things as payment,what genres they accept(it ll save time in the long run to know what niche your book should be assigned,romance,adventure,suspense,etc) and send it to the right publishers.Read the guidlines for publishing carefully and get your manuscript ready.Avoid typos and grammer mistakes(Spell&Grammer Check if you have it)as this is a primary reason why a perfectly good manuscript won t get read .Most important,use a 12 Roman font and DON T forget to double-space!Now Get Going! :-)TL (Yup,I m a writer!)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63451
No money needs to be paid if you use LuLu. It works really well! For all other companies like Random House and stuff, you need an agent to get it done for you... Good Luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63452
This link will answer any questions you have on the subject of publishing.http://www.anotherealm.com/prededitors/Morris Publishing specialize in short-run printing for self-published authors.http://www.morrispublishing.com/http://www.soyouwanna.com/site/syws/publishbook/publishbook2.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63453
If you re going to go vanity-press (PA, authorhouse, Xlibris, Trafford, etc..) expect to shell out the bare minimum of $600 and up as much as $12,000.And kiss your rights to your books GOODBYE.If you re nearly done with your book, then I congratulate you. But...If it s not edited properly and you re just going to publish as is ...?All you re doing is killing yourself and your credibility as an author.You want to get out the best product possible. If you just do a rush job on it? You won t get farther than  you would if you took the time to do it *right*.That means:Writing the best book you can, then rip it apart and write it better a second, third, or fourth time.Edit, edit, edit.Hire an experienced independent editor or book doctor --for a second opinion and assistance.Find a respectable and reputable cover artist to flesh out your book s first cover.And continue spending time on your project--working out the bugs.Even if it takes YEARS.Even if you have to self-publish (or whatever), your chances of being taken seriously *increases* more if you go and do things the right way--instead of just doing it the wrong way.

QUESTION ID: EKT4PRFBFX6O4WV
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to prevent hair loss?
QUESTION CONTENT: My mother had a chemo embolization a couple weeks ago and her hair is starting to fall out a little. The doctor told her that all her hair will not fall out but i was just wondering how can i prevent this?Maybe eating some foods or buying some vitamins?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88133
Chemotherapy and hair loss: What should you expect-Hair usually begins falling out 10 to 14 days after you start treatment. It could fall out very quickly in clumps or gradually. You ll likely notice accumulations of loose hair on your pillow, in your hairbrush or in your shower drain.Your hair loss will continue throughout your treatment and up to a month afterward. Whether your hair thins or you become completely bald will depend on your treatment. You generally need to lose about 50 percent of your hair before it s noticeable to other people.It takes about four to six weeks for your hair to recover from chemotherapy. In general, you can expect about a quarter inch of growth each month.When your hair starts to grow back, it will probably be slightly different from the hair you lost. But the difference is usually temporary. Your new hair might have a different texture or color. It might be curlier than it was before, or it could be gray until the cells that control the pigment in your hair begin functioning again.Chemotherapy and hair loss: Can hair loss be prevented-No treatment exists that can guarantee your hair won t fall out during or after chemotherapy. The best way for you to deal with impending hair loss is to plan ahead and focus on making yourself comfortable with your appearance before, during and after your cancer treatment.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88134
Badly damaged hair breaks at the scalp. To treat hair loss apply a little lemon juice with some black tea. Massage well and shampoo.Rub oil into the scalp. Wring out a towel in hot water and wrap it on the head. Keep it on for 15 minutes. Shampoo and dry well. Check out http://usefulinfo-hairloss.blogspot.com/  for more info.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88135
I went through chemotherapy both through infusion and pill form.  People can give you a million treatment ideas of how to prevent hair loss, but they are only wives tales .  You cannot prevent hair loss during chemo treatment.  It is possible that all of her hair will not fall out - it may just thin a little, or even alot.  When mine began thinning, I actually decided to have my head shaved, got a wig, alot of do-rags and baseball caps.  It was just easier and I actually felt better after I had my head shaved then when my hair was falling out.  I didn t have to fool with it, because I was too tired and sick anyway.  It will grow back though - so neither of you should worry!

QUESTION ID: ELKX14MN4TWP2RE
QUESTION SUBJECT: dad has colon cancer..has to do 12 treatments.. why is it 12??
QUESTION CONTENT: Why 12th?  I mean, he is 71...has just done his 5th treatment.. and its really rough on his body/mind ..everything..  I just don t know how much he can take at his age.  He will be done in Feb...which means we have to go through this treatment stuff, through the winter..which will be even harder for him..   Couldn t 7 or 10 treatments be suffice enough?  Just wondering how they come up with the number 12 for alot of these chemo regimes..  worried daughter..
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88145
The standard protocol for colon cancer includes 12 chemo treatments.  I myself received 13 because I got an infection after getting 2, then had to start all over, but couldn t make it to the 14th (or 12th of the second time around - however you want to look at it).  It is tough, but it is required and necessary.  Throughout many, many years, cancer boards have tried a variety of treatments and have come up with the best scenario protocol. They do this for all cancers.  I often heard other patients say If the cancer doesn t kill me, then the chemo will .  It seems that way.  Your dad needs to talk to the doctors about the different shots they can give to help with both white and red cell blood counts.  Also, hemay need to be put on an antidepressant.  All of them helped me. I am only 47 though.  I am now 3 months cancer free.  Without the support of my family and friends though, I don t know what I would have done.  Support your dad, be there for him as much as you can, and talk to some of the infusion nurses to see if they have any social services people who might be able to talk to both of you.   Tell him to hang in there.  The treatment will be over before he knows it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9572
Christine, my sister had colon cancer, so I have some idea what your dad s going through, and yes, it s real hard.They want 12 because that number seems to be the magic number that produces the best results for the most people. Your dad and his oncologist can weigh the difficulty of treatment against the odds that it s already worked and consider a smaller number.Give him a hug and tell him some YA stranger s sister is absolutely fine today, years later--and she stopped at 11.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88146
Treatments can be adjusted according to the patients type of cancer, tumor grade, stage, overall health, response to treatment, and age. It is likely that your fathers doctor intends to give him as high a dose as possible to kill off any microscopic disease as well as hopefully shrink the current visible disease. The doctor has spread the treatment out over many months in hopes that your Dad will tolerate it better. The idea is to allow your Dad an opportunity to rest and recuperate between treatments. There is also a protocol that your fathers doctor is following . . a protocol is a guide for the type and stage of cancer your Dad has. A protocol has generally been used on many other cancer patients with his same type and stage of cancer. The 12 treatments allow the drug to build up in his system and are the most potent to kill or slow the tumor growth. Any less treatment might not be as effective. As for changing the treatments . . it is possible, but you might want to reconsider depending on how aggressive the cancer is and whether there is any metastatic spread. Malignant tumors can send microscopic cells into the blood stream . . millions of them at a time and lodge anywhere in the body. Your fathers doctor is aware of this and has tailored the treatment to be most affective in killing, shrinking, or at least controlling the disease. There is no guarantee that any of this will work, but at least it is a chance.My son was diagnosed with stage IV abdominal sarcoma over two years ago. He had nine months of high dose chemtherapy, two major surgeries, hyperthermic chemoperfusion of the abdomen, nine more months of low dose chemotherapy, remission, a relapse, 12 months of chemotherapy, thoracic surgery, and is now on a Clinical Trial, asymptomatic, and living with cancer. Stay strong.

QUESTION ID: ELOCGHGJ1B1CN1G
QUESTION SUBJECT: What is Black Holes and how the light is traped in this ?
QUESTION CONTENT: What will happen if u falling in the black hole and ur friend is watching u from a safer source.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76355
a black hole is a point of infinite density and gravitational pull. First of all you would be dead from different gravitational pulls from the black hole. Second of all, time from your perspective would stop, assuming that einstein is correct and your image would be spread out over an infinite period of time so your friend would see nothing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25069
Your friend will never be able to see you, because the light is sucked into the hole.For you, each atom of your body will be torn away, one by one.Your body will stretch from the immense tidal forces, causing you brain to be squeezed out of your nose and ears; all your digestive organs torn to pieces; all within a fraction of time, well, you could just say in no time at all. Then you will disappear from this world.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76356
A black hole is defined by the escape velocity that would have to be attained to escape from the gravitational pull exerted upon an object. For example, the escape velocity of earth is equal to 11 km/s. Anything that wants to escape earth s gravitational pull must go at least 11 km/s, no matter what the thing is ??? a rocket ship or a baseball. The escape velocity of an object depends on how compact it is; that is, the ratio of its mass to radius. A black hole is an object so compact that, within a certain distance of it, even the speed of light is not fast enough to escape.Since light has no mass how can it be trapped by the gravitational pull of a black hole? Newton thought that only objects with mass could produce a gravitational force on each other. Applying Newton s theory of gravity, one would conclude that since light has no mass, the force of gravity couldn t affect it. Einstein discovered that the situation is a bit more complicated than that. First he discovered that gravity is produced by a curved space-time. Then Einstein theorized that the mass and radius of an object (its compactness) actually curves space-time. Mass is linked to space in a way that physicists today still do not completely understand. However, we know that the stronger the gravitational field of an object, the more the space around the object is curved. In other words, straight lines are no longer straight if exposed to a strong gravitational field; instead, they are curved. Since light ordinarily travels on a straight-line path, light follows a curved path if it passes through a strong gravitational field. This is what is meant by curved space, and this is why light becomes trapped in a black hole. In the 1920 s Sir Arthur Eddington proved Einstein s theory when he observed starlight curve when it traveled close to the Sun. This was the first successful prediction of Einstein s General Theory of Relativity. One way to picture this effect of gravity is to imagine a piece of rubber sheeting stretched out. Imagine that you put a heavy ball in the center of the sheet. The weight of the ball will bend the surface of the sheet close to it. This is a two-dimensional picture of what gravity does to space in three dimensions. Now take a little marble and send it rolling from one side of the rubber sheet to the other. Instead of the marble taking a straight path to the other side of the sheet, it will follow the contour of the sheet that is curved by the weight of the ball in the center. This is similar to how the gravitation field created by an object (the ball) affects light (the marble).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76357
I ll give a short answer.A black hole s gravitational pull is so great that even light gets drawn twards it or sucked in If your friend was watching you from a safer area, this would happen:They would not be able to see you because the light reflected off you and into his/her eyes gets sucked twards the black hole.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76358
A Black Hole is a singularity, its gravitational force is so strong that nothing can leave once in its grip.  If you fall your atoms will start to leave your body to become one with the singularity.

QUESTION ID: EN7MZV3AXC1ICLA
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why nocturia occurs in case of benign prostatic hypertrophy?
QUESTION CONTENT: I want to know why micturition frequency is increased during night rather than during day time.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 1714
As d prostate is get enlarged it wil compreses d prostatic part of urethra if its large it may build presssure  in bladder also...during sleep CNS had least control over pudendal nrv n d patnt get iretared n frequency of micturation is increased....
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1715
Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) also known as Nodular hyperplasia, Benign prostatic hypertrophy or Benign enlargement of the prostate (BEP) refers to the increase in size of the prostate in middle-aged and elderly men. To be accurate, the process is one of hyperplasia rather than hypertrophy, but the nomenclature is often interchangeable, even amongst urologists. It is characterized by hyperplasia of prostatic stromal and epithelial cells, resulting in the formation of large, fairly discrete nodules in the periurethral region of the prostate. When sufficiently large, the nodules compress the urethral canal to cause partial, or sometimes virtually complete, obstruction of the urethra which interferes the normal flow of urine. It leads to symptoms of urinary hesitancy, frequent urination, increased risk of urinary tract infections and urinary retention. (Wikipedia)SELF-CAREFor mild symptoms:Urinate when you first get the urge. Also, go to the bathroom when you have the chance, even if you don t feel a need to urinate. Avoid alcohol and caffeine, especially after dinner. Don t drink a lot of fluid all at once. Spread out fluids throughout the day. Avoid drinking fluids within 2 hours of bedtime. Try NOT to take over-the-counter cold and sinus medications that contain decongestants or antihistamines. These medications can increase BPH symptoms. Keep warm and exercise regularly. Cold weather and lack of physical activity may worsen symptoms. Learn and perform Kegel exercises (pelvic strengthening exercises). Reduce stress. Nervousness and tension can lead to more frequent urination.Limit beverages in the evening. Stop drinking water and other beverages after 7 p.m. to reduce your need to go to the bathroom at night. In particular, beverages that contain caffeine will increase urine production, cause bladder irritation and aggravate your symptoms. Empty your bladder. Avoid letting your bladder get full. Try to urinate all that you can each time you go to the bathroom. For some men, sitting on the toilet is more effective than is standing. Try following a daily timeschedule for urinating, such as on long trips. Limit alcohol. Alcohol increases urine production and irritates your bladder. Be careful with over-the-counter decongestants. These drugs can cause the band of muscles that control urine flow from your urethra (urethral sphincter) to tighten, making urination more difficult. Keep active. Inactivity causes you to retain urine. Even a small amount of exercise can reduce urinary problems caused by an enlarged prostate. Stay warm. Cold weather can lead to urine retention and increase your urgency to urinate. Note:-a postvoid residual urine volume>50 mL may be available in your bladder even after your urination every time. The bladder fills within a short time. Again you go to the bath room when the bladder is full. Even after urinating, a residual urine more than 50 ml is left behind in your bladder. That means you can not void urine completely due to benign prostate hyperplasia. I am also suffering from BPH. I try my best to reduce residuary urine as low as possible. So I don t get up at night to void urine.

QUESTION ID: ENK7VQIPDSICSI2
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does a laser shined on brushed alumiun reflect a solid halo, when other surfaces just reflect the red dot?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73104
The key to your answer is ???brushed aluminum.???The surfaces which reflect just a red dot are usually polished or very flat.  This causes them to reflect the laser light just like a mirror, with very little scattering.Brushed aluminum, on the other hand, has very tiny scratches on its surface.  The sides of these scratches will cause the laser light to scatter in different directions, forming the ???halo.???
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21771
I don t know specifically, but laser waves may be the same approximate length as the width of atoms or molecules they impinge upon resulting in a different interaction than if the dimensions were greatly different.  Very short x-rays or gamma waves can pass right through metals.  Try to picture throwing  tennis balls against walls consisting of closely spaced suspended golf, tennis or basket balls, where the gaps in the wall are about the size of the specific balls used to build it.  You wouldexpect the interaction with each wall to be different, passing right through most of the time, bouncing back half the time or bouncing back all of the time. The reflection pattern of each wall would also likely differ.  The reflection of lasers also depends on the nature of the material it impinges upon.  As with ordinary light a smooth shiny surface (mirror) reflects better and in a given direction than a rough irregular surface.Of course, lasers are a very special case and may interact with surfaces differently than ordinary light.  The photons in a laser beam are highly organized, concentrated and very directional.  Laser light has been beamed to the moon without diverging all that much.  An ordinary light beam would be severly diffused by the atmosphere and would be difficult to focus on a distant surface.  Laser light is often organized by highly regular crystaline structures whereas ordinary light is focused using mirrors that have minute errors.  In the preceeding tennis ball analogy, consider the different reflection pattern you might expect if 100 people each threw a tennis ball after you said go vs 100 tennis balls being thrown from parallel tubes at the touch of a switch.  The laser wins and can obtain an organized pattern (a halo?) if the surface condition is right.

QUESTION ID: EOFRCSQ8HYKGOPX
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you face life and death with terminal lung cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 681
I believe that each of the previous answers are very helpful.  I was diagnosed with cancer last month and my first concern was my daughter who is pregnant and has a fifteen month old also.  Her husband left her when she was 5 mos. pregnant and I had promised to help her raise them.  I plan on hanging around for as long as possible.  I was told that they believe that they got all the cancer but I must have radiation as a precautionary measure.  I had to face the fact that I like everyone else must someday leave this world.  Like I told my cousin who was born with Cystic Fibrosis, you could outlive everyone.  God is the one who ultimately decides when we go.  We were told that she would only live until age 12.  she is 35 years old, is a pre-natal nurse, married and has just adopted a baby boy.  she is doing great!  She never let the death sentence determine how she lives.  If anything it has helped her live everyday to the fullest.  She deep sea fishes, has been to mardis gra balls, won pagents, traveled to many exotic places among other things.  I think we are fortunate in a way because when you face death, in a way for me at least, you aren t scared to live.  Live life to the fullest, prepare for the worst and pray for the best, prepare your family for the day that you wont be there and make it as easy as possible for them by letting your wishes be known, finding insurance papers etc. that they will need, prepare a will, tell them how much you love them, take pictures with them even if you aren t feeling or looking your best.  I personally enjoy getting outside of myself by continuing to work with the homeless ministry that I have worked with for many years.  I take things slower and delegate more and let people help me which is one of the heardest parts.  I also read my Bible and read about how great life will be after death.  It is my belief that there is no pain or sorrow on the other side.  I also believe that I will not be separated from my loved ones forever.  I wish you an abudent life.  I pray that each day is full of happy times free from fear and sadness.  You will be in my prayers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53317
One day at a time. Ellen gave you a good answer. Denial and disbelief of the diagnosis and fate at first. Then anger about why life is not fair, then acceptance of what s coming. With the help of hospice and a good counselor or minister then a person s passing can be much more comfortable than when a person stays in denial or anger mode. Hospice can help allow the person to die at home in their own bed and usually out of pain.  The process with terminal lung cancer can last from a few weeks to longer than a year.  best
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53318
Try to fight it.  See Steve F s post here http://answers.yahoo.com/question/?qid=20071125082305AAaGUaM and also some of my recent posts like http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AmMrDfKw_zo1Sotp869qR2Tsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20071201153712AAx2tBm&show=7#profile-info-7hlqtovmaa .  Good luck.

QUESTION ID: EONNGH60F87EGOM
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is stage 4 cancer incurable when it is just cancer on other areas?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17156
My goodness, what a grim bunch of answers!! Stage 4 is definitely curable . . what is often difficult is the treatment! Stage 4 is NOT a death sentence, most people on here think that it is because years ago there were few options for treatment. But times they are a changing. That is not the case anymore. Stage 4 can be treatable and curable . . although harder to treat because it is widespred. And harder to beat for reasons that have more to do with the individual patients health  than the available treatment. There is no doubt that stage 3 and 4 are harder than stage 1 or 2 but that is far different than saying it is incurable.A stage 4 cancer is approached by using a multi-modality of treatment. If the tumors are large, numerous and widespred than a combination of systemic (system wide) chemotherapy will be given. Children who are stage 4 can often withstand higher dosages of chemotherapy, adults on the other hand because of age and secondary health problems often need lower doses over an extended period of time. Chemotherapy can literally melt the tumors away on some patients . . but usually the aim is to shrink the tumors, kill off any stray microscopic cancer cells before going to the next modality. The next phase of stage IV cancer treatment can either be surgery orradiation or a combination of any of the three modalities. Much depends on the locations of the tumor and how the patient is responding. Once chemo has shrunk the tumors than surgery can be performed to remove all visible signs of cancer. This may take more than one operation, depending again on the health of the patient and how much of a tumor burden he carries. There are surgeons who are extremely capable and able to remove almost any cancer in any location . . if a doctor says your tumors are inoperable . . than find another doctor with the skill to do it.Other options during surgery include using pinpoint radiation to get rid of tumors that can t normally be reached and hyperthermic chemoperfusion. Hyperthermic chemoperfusion is used during surgery to address microscopic cells lodged in tissue. A chemo is heated and than applied directly into the tumor bed. This treatment has the added benefit of stopping any type of accidentally tumor spillage that might occur during surgery, it will also treat any microscopic cells that might have tried to take up residence along the incision. For people with abdominal cancers, colon cancer, appendix cancer, and uterine cancer these treatments can be life saving.Radiation is also another modality that is used to treat microscopic cells, shrink tumors, and literally make cancer disappear. Radiation, however, is best used on single tumors so it is used in conjunction with the other modalities in cases of stage 4.And, many cancers can also now be treated with stem cell rescue or bone marrow transplant. The stem cell rescue allows the doctor to give the patient extremely high doses of chemotherapy and then give the patients own stem cells back to rescue the immune system. All the current survivors of my sons disease have had stem cell rescue, all were stage 4 at the time of diagnosis, and many are doing fine with minimal or no evidence of disease.Other modalities that can be used include RadioFrequency Ablation which can used to address tumors within the liver. Little wires are threaded through the lung into the liver, and than microwaves are used to blast and fry the tumors. I know one young man who had 8 tumors fried in this way, he is now cancer free (and, yes, he was a stage 4 at diagnosis with multiple tumors).There are other treatments available too. It is critical for patients to be aware of all treatment options. Patients need to be pro-active and be a part of the treatment team . Any doctor that will not spend the time with a patient that may be required when searching for a cure, should be replaced.That all said, please understand that stage 4 is far more difficult to treat . . but hardly impossible . . and some stage 4 disease is easier to treat than others.There is always hope.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38157
It s not as truly uncurable as it is untreatable.  Stage 4 describes the extent to which the cancer has spread and infiltrated vital tissue.  Stage 4 represents the worst extent, and means the cancerous tissue is so spread into organs and body tissues that chemotherapy and other treatments will not be able to kill off the caner without harming vital tissue and killing the patient.That is why early detection is so key, as cancer is often easy to treat in stage 1, while it gets tougher to deal with one orders of magnitude for each subsequent level, with stage 4 being terminal.I am very sorry if you are asking this because someone you know is in stage 4 cancer.  Most of what can be done is in the form of emotional support, pain management, and prayer.  I ll help out with that last one, if you like.If this is for a research paper, or idle informative purposes, take it as another reason to monitor one s health, so you never have to deal with stage 4.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38158
Chemotherapy alone is often used when the cancer has spread (stage IV). Chemotherapy has been shown to prolong the life and improve the quality of life in some stage IV patients. Patients with stage IV disease are almost never cured, and the goals of therapy are to extend and improve the quality of their life. Unfortunately, the treatment options currently available are rarely able to cure the patient.Please see the web pages for more details on Cancer and Metastasis.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85273
While stage 4 cancer is often incurable, this is not always the case. Take Lance Armstrong for example - metastasis to lungs and brain yet he makes a complete recovery. Some stage 4 cancers are curable if you are willing to roll the dice with aggressive treatments like those of LA or have a stem cell or bone marrow transplant.

QUESTION ID: EOORLO0B3ZEL5DM
QUESTION SUBJECT: why does blood pressure go high when you have done exercise and what can it go up to during exercise&b safe?
QUESTION CONTENT: i am a 32 yr old woman and recently had a blood pres reading of 152-101. i have got to have another reading shortly, but after exercise i took a reading and it was 138-105. I am worried to exercise again because of this reading. How much more high than normal should it go during exercise?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84752
My hearbeat is about 55-65 usually, when I have not been excercising.  However, I know it has gone up to 180-200 at times during very extreme excercise when I was younger (squash and circuit training come to mind).I would think about 150-160 should be fine during excercise. I just did a reading and got 55 bpm heartbeat, 142/82 blood pressure.  You can buy cuff blood pressure monitors for about ??10 in most high street chemists.  I tend to measure my blood pressure by how I feel rather than what a monitor or doctor says.  If you feel a little bit faint (say you have just got out of a hot bath), put you head down between your legs and your blood pressure should rise to your brain.  If you feel agitated and aggressive, you know your blood pressure is rising.  My blood pressure usually falls after excercise, due to the dilation of blood vessels.  It tends to rise whenI am preparing for excercise, due to increases of adrenalin.  I also like to take caffeine, just before a run to give me that adrenalin boost to make excercise more appealing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84753
blood pressure is how hard your blood pumps around your body,but your blood pressure is high, generally it should be about 140/70-90 and as you bottom number (systolic) is quite high i would just keep an eye on it. Exercise will raise things to do with your heart because you obviously use it!! but over time your heart rate and pressure will go down because you will get fitter and it wont have to work so hard make sure you dont train too hard when you are at the gym and gradually increase your effort. this is just one of the benefits of exercise! just relax! it will sort itself out but for the meantime just keep an eye on it, if you do get worried, just pop to the doctor, ok?!x

QUESTION ID: EP8AGEDSKQOZR6Q
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does a busy mother of 3 loose 10kg?????
QUESTION CONTENT: I work full time during the day&my gym doesn t have a creche at night. My youngest is in bed at 7pm&i m not home from work till 6pm.  I don t have a partner living with me. very complicated i know.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 12461
For you to loss weight, you will need to find the root cause on your weight gain. Once you find out the root cause, you will be able to come out a weight loss plan with the right diet plan that able to help to reduce your weight.Only with a realistic weight loss diet plan, you will be able to achieve it easily.In order to have ideal weight. few things to take note.Diet- Try to have plenty of starchy foods such as rice, bread, pasta, potatoes,- Aim to have five portions of a variety of fruit and vegetables daily- Use a moderate amount of dairy prodPhysical ActivityGetting active is one of the best ways to lose weight and keep fit. There are all sorts of activities andsports that can get you moving and aid weight loss.Calories and WeightA pound of fat equals 3500 calories. To lose 1 pound a week you will need to expend 3500 more calories than you eat that week, whether through increased activity ordecreased eating or both. Losing 1-2 pounds of fat a week is a sensible goalThereare few simple diet plans which will suit you, like Cabbage Soup Diet and 5 Factor Diet, get how to do the diet plan from http://www.lossweightzone.org
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4500
Join a gym that has a creche! It was the best thing I ever did. Or take the kids to the park and *you* run around with them - rather than just stand and watch. Take a ball/kite/dog and run around and enjoy your time with them. Generally being more active has a much better effect than structured exercise - walk to the shops instead of driving, climb stairs instead of using the lift, carry your shopping bags by hand rather than using a trolley. It all adds up and you will see the difference.Oh, and DON T finish your kid s uneaten meals and snacks - it is the curse of mothers everywhere!Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12462
By running around after 3 children all day !!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15407
hello babeto loose 10kg in one week u have to think of sex alothave nice time
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63005
hi there, a lot of my female mother clients have the same problem...time. its hard but you can find time to do things around the house, there simple but effective . I have some workouts that can be done at home on my blog http://myfitmate.blogspot.com/ ( im a trainer) feel free to browse. Also you mite want to invest in a swissball there great for core workouts like crunches and more you probably can pick one up for between $20-100 depending on where you buy and brand.Also imporving your diet will help, cook healthy for the family and you will all benefit, introduce fresh ingredients such as veges and little carbs (potatoes, white breads, pasta etc) and this will help too, ive got some great recipes.Try having your latest meal at 6-7pm no later and consume smaller meals 5-6 per day during the day with brekky being your largest to help increase your metabolism rate.good luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63006
Household chores burn tons of calories believe it or not. In the 24 hours each day, if you can find one spare hour go for a run or walk around your local area. You ll burn enough calories running after and playing with your 3 kids!Also fix seperate meals for yourself.. don t be tempted into junk food. Eat healthy but sensible. You can find some great diets at www.fatsecret.comHope this helps!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63007
Vaccuum, i think it burns the most calories of all the household chores, take the kids for a walk to the park and while they are playing,  walk the perimeter of the gounds at a brisk pace.  also, try to walk to the corner store instead of driving. and most of all don t nibble from the kids plates if they don t eat all their meals.  Its a terrible habit to get into because you don t realize you are doing it until your pants don t fit anymore, drink lots of water to help flush the fat out of your system
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63008
try losing i when u take your children out like go hiking with them or when going on a picnic walk instead  of taking the bus  and if you are snacking to mush, try to snack less
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63009
It s really all up to diet and exercise. Do the whole 5 portions of fruits and vegetables daily. Choose fibre-rich foods as this is thought to prevent the absorption of cholesterol. Careful with the preparation and try not to add extra calories unnecessarily. As for exercise, get friendly with the stairs and start walking the escalators. With 3 kids you can alternate activities around them.Child 1: chooses a group activity.Mum : Chooses the next e.g. cleaning a bedroom for an hour together.Child 2: chooses the next activity.Mum: Choose the next activity e.g. Do a 30 minute walk before dinner (walk to order pizza and ask to have it delivered then walk back home).Child 3: You get the idea...Good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63010
Start a diet - any diet you find and like. I can suggest you Winter diet for beginning.Exercise - it can be just walk (5 km per day at the beginning), run, dance,swimChange the diet after two weeks - start new one, continuing exercising. The secret is the body not to get used with the particular dietDo not give up if you do not lose weight as fast as you want. The body needs time to react.Other tips and working diets www best-fat-burn-stategies comGood luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63011
Feel free to read up what you need in this site as well as other proven weight loss (Fast) tips here too:=>http://www.effective-fat-burn.comDo note that you need to register in order to gain access to the members only weight loss blog. But it s free.Cheers to you and I hope it helps with your weight loss goals.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63012
Below are the few Quick Steps Towards A Healthier Diet.1)Start taking your food with out any oil. Try to use boiled/steamed vegetables, meat, and lot of salad. U can eat fruits too and boiled/steamed chicken or red meat too but no pork. Please note and put it in ur mind that nothing fried or oily.2)Try to chew ur every food for atleast 20 times. And then swallow it into ur stomach.3)Potato is strictly forbidden during this diet4)Don???t eat any type of junk food.5)Drink at least 3 ltr of water daily. Make ur habit to drink water as much as u can. Rather take a bottle of water with you all the time, when you feel starving, drink it as much as u can.6)use brown bread7)use skimmed and low fat milk and yogurt8)no sugar of any type.9)First try to avoid any type of soft drink but if u really wants to taste some thing sweet then drink any soft drink (but not cola), but just one glass once in a week.10)U can eat vegetable soap too as much as u can but no corn flour in it. 11)Just look at your food portion. It is much better to eat several small meals a day (like 5-6 healthy meals a day) than eat either one or two or three huge meal a day. 12)if u feel hungry then divide ur diet into 5-6 healthy meals a day (1 plate size only)13)one bowl of oatmeal can be taken as a break fast14) no hard drink of any type is allowed in this diet.15)Watch out ur every drink and every single piece of ur food. Stay away from fatty foods, junk foods, synthetic foods, foods with preservatives and too much carbohydrate. Don???t try to take foods that are made of white flour for example white bread, cakes, pasta etc and food contain sugar such as cookies, ice cream, candy etc.16)Remember after every 15 days you can take once in a while with a little treat any thing u like. But remember just a small portion. For example one small personal pizza or one small burger or small pastry.17)Try to adopt some healthy timing. Early to rise and early to bed. No late sittings. 18)At least take this diet for 3 to 6 months and when u feel that u have achieved your desired weight then make ur eating life style as told above Remember do not focus on just losing weight, try to concentrate on diet plan forever so that you will never have to loose weight again. But occasionally u can take other junk food too.19)Exercise: Rule-of -Thumb: remember the formula for weight loss and that is Diet= 70% Exercise= 30%. So remember exercise is must with every diet plan. The best indoor exercise machine is tread mill. Run on tread mill for at least 30 mntns daily. Try to extend ur period for one hour. And if u don???t have this facility then best indoor Exercise is skipping.

QUESTION ID: ERUBBSHV855HQJA
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does Nitric oxid interact with the vascular endothelium?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 45286
Vascular Effects of NOVascular actions of NO include the following:    *      Direct vasodilation (flow dependent and receptor mediated)    *      Indirect vasodilation by inhibiting vasoconstrictor influences (e.g., inhibits angiotensin II and sympathetic vasoconstriction)    *      Anti-thrombotic effect - inhibits platelet adhesion to the vascular endothelium    *      Anti-inflammatory effect - inhibits leukocyte adhesion to vascular endothelium; scavenges superoxide anion    *      Antiproliferative effect - inhibits smooth muscle hyperplasiaBecause of the above actions of NO, when its production is impaired or its bioavailability is reduced, the following can result:    *      Vasoconstriction (e.g., coronary vasospasm, elevated systemic vascular resistance, hypertension)    *      Thrombosis due to platelet aggregation and adhesion to vascular endothelium    *      Inflammation due to upregulation of leukocyte and endothelial adhesion molecules    *      Vascular hypertrophy and stenosisDiseases or Conditions Associated with Abnormal NO Production and Bioavailability    *      Hypertension    *      Obesity    *      Dyslipidemias (particularly hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia)    *      Diabetes (both type I and II)    *      Heart failure    *      Atherosclerosis    *      Aging    *      Cigarette smoking
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87339
The body makes NO and uses it to dilate blood vessels, so blood can flow through them easily.  When the body attempts to repair injured areas of the blood vessels ??? such as after blood flow is cut off in a heart attack or sickle cell crisis ??? NO prevents the inflammatory white cells of that repair process from sticking to the cells that line the arteries.  NO also reduces clotting by keeping the platelets in the blood from sticking together.  Finally, NO protects vessels by knocking out a substance called superoxide that generates highly destructive particles, ???free radicals,??? that can damage vessels, he says.

QUESTION ID: ES5ZETP2IAPV7R5
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to make homeschooling illegal?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am a 25 year old professional, I was homeschooled my whole life because my parents are, well let s be honest, crazy. I am interested in being involved with groups that are working to make homeschooling illegal, I have not had much luck finding groups like this on the web, but I feel like, if I could just tell my story and change someones mind for the good of a child and that childs education and wellbeing that maybe my struggle would have been worth it. If anyone knows, please let me know!Please read my response to the homeschooling Propents question before passing judgement on what I am asking. As I stated, Home school in some instances is acceptable, but by and large, it is not. And some things from your past you cannot make peace with, they stare you in the face everyday.I would ;ike to answer what maggie B said. Yes, I am doing well. Because, at the moment I turned 18 I ran away, with no education, no drivers liscence, and seven dollars. I self educated and then took state mandated tests to become a high school graduate. I am now Trying to go to college, but without a transcript or parents willing to provide one, that is proving difficult. Yes, I am a professional, because I started out as a part time cashier in a retail corporation, and because of my own personal determination to overcome, I worked my way into a corporate position, it has taken me six years. I dont think that policing home schoolers will be the answer, I feel that most home school parents are reclusive and, as I stated, Self rightious. They feel like they are doing something great and different and that makes them better than the rest of society. I would never do my daughter the injustice of denying her a real education.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9087
You re a 25 year old professional who was homeschooled and you have a problem with this!I know some 45 year old shelf stockers at Wal Mart and K Mart making $10 an hour with a HS diploma.Good thing your parents didn t send you to Columbine, you might be a statistic today instead of working with statistics.Maybe you should go to the Bronx and let Oprah take you on a tour of the PSMaybe you should go to the SFV and see the elementary schools with metal detectors
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14302
The only groups I know of that are fighting to outlaw homeschooling are teacher unions.  Perhaps you could write a book about your experiences and work with a social worker to create a presentation on how to recognize child abuse to be presented to home school groups and (eventually) at homeschool fairs and conventions. I understand your concerns, and I m sorry that you went through so much, but most homeschooling parents, homeschool in order to do what is best for their children.  Homeschoolers as a group do not advocate child abuse.  I know of no homeschoolers who, if they know how torecognize the signs, would fail to do something about child abuse or neglect.The rates of child abuse among public school students are actually much higher than those among homeschoolers.  These lower rates are not due to a lack of reporting or lack of scrutiny by social services either. Homeschooling parents are actually under more scrutiny from social services because such agencies are required to investigate all reports of abuse or neglect and some families get reported simply because they are homeschooling.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41538
Just because you and your parents have issues does not give you the right to try and take away others right to educate their children as they see fit. Perhaps your time would be better spent making peace with your own past and taking an honest look at how that has made youwho you are today. Were you re parents truly crazy or are you just angry about past disappointments? Things you perceived from a childs perspective?  Regardless you seem to be a passionate, articulate adult with a life so they must have done something right.edit --- I am not passing judgement at all just stating what I see in your post. Everything can be healed through Christ - I ve seen it happen (even what you discuss in your other post) and you can be whole in spite of your parents failings. It s about how you choose to live now not then. Again this type of abuse is the exception not the rule and while I am truly sorry for you taking away others rights is not the answer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41539
Even after reading your other question I would suggest that you maybe look for groups that are trying to make home schooling more strict. I agree with you whole-heartedly, not everyone is capable of homeschooling their child. I love my mother to death, but thank God she never tried. But I also know a lot of people who were home schooled and they have had no side effects. Its important for homeschooled children to still be involved in the community, and some people do not enforce that. It should be a requirment.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54068
Why don t we make parenting illegal while we re at it? There are a lot of crazy parents out there!While I understand your frustration with your experience, you need to understand that not all parents are like your own. You could have gone to school and would still have been parented by crazy parents. You could have ended up having a worse public school experience than you did homeschool experience. Would you try to make public schools illegal? Or what if you had gone to a private school that was a total sham. Does that mean you should work to make all private schools illegal?Homeschoolers need to hear your story NOT so they stop homeschooling but so they are aware and make any changes in themselves or their homeschooling to help their children grow up well. FAR MORE homeschoolers end up happy than end up unhappy--you think that should be illegal? That caring and dedicated parents should have their rights removed because you and some others, who don t even represent a decent fraction of the homeschooling community, got the short end of the stick with it?You know, a lot of people grow up and have struggles because of certain parts of a city they ve grown up in. Why don t we ban those parts of the city? Your intentions are noble, but misguided and not properly thought out. Knowing what you know now about how your parents choices affected what, imagine this scenario: ALL public school teachers go on strike for a year. You have to homeschool your child. Do you think you would make the same mistakes as your parents? Do you think your children would turn out the same as you or do you think it is your PARENTING and not the simple fact that you d be homeschooling that would have the greatest effect?While I would love to hear your story, please don t believe for a second  that it would change my mind about homeschooling my children. I m not crazy, my husband s not crazy and my kids are happy homeschooling, as are their homeschooling friends. Your experience is not how it has to be.EDIT: I just read what you wrote in the other question. Your experience was absolutely horrible. But do you realize that there are an estimated over 2 million children homeschooling in the US alone? What percentage of them are abused? I know it s hard to see similar situations as ours and to NOT believe that the same thing is happening, but you ve got to. Btw, have you pressed charges against your parents? Taking action on abuse and what your parents did will be more effective in the long-run than trying to ban homeschooling. Why *I* should have to stop homeschooling because you were abused makes no sense to me.FURTHER ADDITION: Have you ever had any counselling? It would be important. You seem very stuck on assuming that most people have the same experience as you, as in most homeschoolers are reclusive (not in my experience!!!) and that they don t take care of their child s education and are abusive. You have unresolved issues with your parents that you are trying to take out on homeschooling--it s called transference. How is your story of abuse going to change a *good* parent s mind about homeschooling? You also need counselling to deal with the questions that are hiding inside you, the guilt almost all abused people feel, the Why didn t I leave sooner?  What did I do?  What could I have done differently?  Why didn t I tell somebody? There is often a huge sense of guilt because somewhere inside a person knows they made the decision to stay, to put up with it. Although circumstances may seem to say that we had no choice , there s always a choice and having that inside us makes us carry around a lot of bad feelings. Counselling will also help you to not automatically assume that other parents are just like yours.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54069
So, you are judging millions of people based on your perception of your limited experience.I think your time would be better spent letting go of the past and moving on with your life.The thought that you need to stop other people from exercising their freedoms tochoose how to educate their children based on your own personal experience is immature and, well, not meaning to be rude, but vain.do you not realize you are in a country that values the freedom of it s citizens to choose? Do you have any idea of the results of your actions? If people like you were to become successful and you were able to take away my freedom to educate my children the way I want, who s to stop me from taking away your right to drive the type of car you want. Or to shop where you want? Or to attend the church you want? Or to keep you out of certain sporting events, or clubs, or parks or museums. Hey, maybe I could even stop you from using the internet.you do not find many groups like you describe on the web because anyone with half a brain and even the vaguest notion of Law 101 realizes that would be trampeling on the fundamental civil rights of a lot of people.There are some very powerful groups out there that make sure the labors of people like you do not amount to much.I think I need to let them know how much I appreciate them.

QUESTION ID: ESA25W4QJ4Z774S
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long does a typical heart by-pass surgery remain effective?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85400
Coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) has been replaced by Off-pump CABG in almost all surgical clinics throughout the country. In this operation, transplantation of internal mammary artery (which runs longitudinally beneath the breast bone), so that  its end is buried directly in the heart muscle, has improved circulation in many cases. Those who have done this operation claim good results in a large majority. In CABG, saphenous vein in the thigh is utilized as a free graft from the aorta to a portion of the coronary artery that is beyond the point of arteriosclerosis, obstruction or thrombosis.The success of CABG depends upon the damage that has been caused to the heart following the myocardial infarction and prior to the surgery. [The thinning of the wall due to myocardial infarction may lead to cardiomegaly (enlargement of heart), distortion of valves and subsequent regurgitation of blood from ventricles to auricles.]Lifestyle changes are necessary -- such as not smoking, improved diet, regular exercise, and treating high blood pressure and high cholesterol. If the lifestyle of the patient is not changed, pedal edema and cardiac asthma may occur. In certain cases, the graft may be blocked by a thrombus affecting pumping efficiency of the heart. Having another serious medical condition (such as diabetes, peripheral vascular disease, kidney disease, or lung disease) may also affect the heart.  In the majority of people who have the surgery, the grafts remain open and functioning for 10 to 15 years.Please note that I am not a medical professional.Please see the web pages for more details on Off-pump CABG and CABG.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85401
Maybe as long as you take good care of it.

QUESTION ID: ETSGJX3X01K4A1Z
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does microwable popcorn cause cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 48910
The popcorn bags are made out of paper that has to be coated with a substance to repel grease and moisture so the bag doesn t become soggy and rip while it s getting heated in the microwaave.  The chemicals used to coat the paper break down, when heated, in to a substance called perfluorooctanoic (PFOA).The Environmental Protection Agency has identified PFOA as a lilely carcinogen. How much PFOA gets into the popcorn?  That s still unknown.  The FDA researchers did a study this past Octover about this question.  They determined that it s a relatively small amount of PFOA that actually gets into the popcorn.So the good news may be that you d probably have to eat a lot of popcorn before you get enough PFOA into your body that it will cause cancer, but it s basically impossible for the FDA to tell how much PFOA would actually cause cancer.Not only is the bag coating a carcinogen, but also the fake butter flavoring.  The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health determined that a disease that destroys lung tissue was triggered by exposure to the artificial butter flavoring.  This study was done after 24 workers in a Missouri microwave popcorn plant got this disease that wasdestroygin their lungs.  And it wasn t just 24 workers affected.  There were 130 other employees who had high rates of bronchitis and asthma from this butter flavoring.What s in the fake butter? Diacetyl.  It gives artificial butter it s flavor and smell.  This is an FDA-approved chemical that is also found in many wines, cookies, candies, beers, and cheese-flavored products.In Nov 05 54 former workers from the popcorn plant settled lawsuits out of court, while 4 others went to trial and the verdict totaled mover $50 million dollars in compensation for the 7 workers.How can the FDA approve something known to kill your lungs?  That s absurd.So before you make your next bag of microwave popcorn, think of what it s doing to your health.  More people should go back to the good old fashion method of popping kernels in oil in pots on the stove.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48911
its not the popcorn itself but the micro wave in the machine.......mico wave are dangerous to our health....like light comes in different forms of waves.......ultra violent and micro waves being the most dangerous...read about it online

QUESTION ID: EV1E8764B13VD7A
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you get over fears of tornados?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 27469
Again Good Answer  WRThe more you know the less you will be afraid. the first this is to have enough fear that you respect there awsom power but not so much fear that you cant think clearly when it s Time to react. Most people that get killed by Tornados are not prepared.The first Step in preparing for Severe Weather Is to get a NOAA All Hazards Radio  http://www.nws.noaa.gov/nwr/   They are Available at most Electronic and Super Stores. Recomend getting one with S.A.M.E. technology. The Second Thing to do is to have a disaster planmore about the plan in the links below Here is some more info and links on tornados and and thunderstorm safety.TORNADO SAFETY http://www.crh.noaa.gov/lmk/preparedness/tornado_large/index.phphttp://www.srh.noaa.gov/fwd/wcm/safety_rules_lists.pdfhttp://www.nws.noaa.gov/om/brochures/tornado.shtmlhttp://www.srh.noaa.gov/elp/swww/v5n1/tornadoes2.htmhttp://www.spc.noaa.gov/faq/tornado/safety.htmlhttp://library.thinkquest.org/03oct/00758/en/disaster/tornado/safety.htmlhttp://www.tornadoproject.com/safety/safety.htmhttp://www.redcross.org/services/disaster/0,1082,0_591_,00.htmlhttp://www.fema.gov/hazard/tornado/index.shtmWater Spout Safetyhttp://www.srh.noaa.gov/jax/waterspouts.shtmlhttp://www.usatoday.com/weather/wspsafe.htmSafeRoomshttp://www.crh.noaa.gov/eax/?n=severewx-saferoomhttp://homebuying.about.com/cs/saferooms/a/safe_rooms.htmhttp://www.fema.gov/kids/kidsafet.htmLIGHTNING / THUNDERSTORM SAFETYhttp://www.nssl.noaa.gov/edu/safety/lightning.htmlhttp://www.lightningsafety.noaa.gov/more.htmhttp://www.lightningsafety.noaa.gov/overview.htmhttp://www.lightningsafety.noaa.gov/http://www.lightningsafety.noaa.gov/survivors.htmhttp://science.nasa.gov/newhome/headlines/essd18jun99_1.htmhttp://www.lightningtalks.com/lightningfacts.htm#Lightning%20Factshttp://sky-fire.tv/index.cgi/lightning.html#harnesshttp://www.washtwpmorris.org/departments/recreation/lightning.htmlhttp://library.thinkquest.org/03oct/00758/en/disaster/lightning/safety.htmlwww.nols.edu/resources/research/pdfs/lightningsafetyguideline.pdfLIGHTNING/ THUNDERSTORM FAQ shttp://www.srh.noaa.gov/srh/jetstream/lightning/lightning_intro.htmhttp://www.nssl.noaa.gov/primer/lightning/ltg_faq.shtmlhttp://newweb.wrh.noaa.gov/hnx/LightningMyths-1.pdfhttp://library.thinkquest.org/03oct/00758/en/disaster/lightning.htmlhttp://www.ucar.edu/communications/infopack/lightning/faq.htmlhttp://www.srh.weather.gov/srh/jetstream/lightning/lightning_faq.htmhttp://www.lightningmaster.com/FAQ.htmTornado FAQ???sAs Defined by the National Weather ServiceTornado (+FC) A violently rotating column of air in contact with the ground and extending from the base of a thunderstorm. A condensation funnel does not need to reach to the ground for a tornado to be present; a debris cloud beneath a thunderstorm is all that is needed to confirm the presence of a tornado, even in the total absence of a condensation funnel. It nearly always starts as a funnel cloud and may be accompanied by a loud roaring noise.http://www.srh.noaa.gov/srh/jetstream/tstorms/tornado.htmhttp://www.spc.noaa.gov/faq/tornado/http://www.usatoday.com/weather/tornado/wtfaq.htmhttp://library.thinkquest.org/03oct/00758/en/disaster/tornado.htmlhttp://www.tornadohistoryproject.com/http://www.nssl.noaa.gov/hazard/map of peak tornado seasonhttp://www.erh.noaa.gov/cae/svrwx/when.htmTornados and  El Nino / La Nina http://www.spc.noaa.gov/publications/schaefer/el_nino.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15005
Get killed by one . Which is what will happen when you aint afraid of them. sometimes fear is a good thing
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60926
oh Lord. Its really hard and i try my best to not be afraid. The mid-south is the main sighting of tornadoes and there was a possible threat for one while i was at school and we were all freakin out big time. Bu then ppl started telling jokes and the pressure eased off. So in other words think of a fun time or something funny or just put your mine on a completely different thought
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60927
Simply put, the easiest way to overcome a fear is to be forced to face it. Although tornadoes are definitely not good to have to protect yourself against, know how to protect yourself and, if you will, simulate a tornado situation. Another way, as mentioned, is to know about them. RESEARCH! But, since tornadoes don t occur daily, another good strategy would be simply to forget your fear. Chances are you won t be in a tornado situation for a while.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79395
Learn about them.  Here is a good place to start http://www.spc.noaa.gov/faq/tornado/  Also if you have money and time go on a chasing trip.  These might get you over your fear of tornadoes.  If a tornado approaches your area don t panic and take cover in a basement or interior room and protect your head from flying debris.

QUESTION ID: EWULLDKJRYTGZOR
QUESTION SUBJECT: I am a voice artist. I have been told that i speak from the throat. How do i learn to speak from the diaphragm
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78576
What you have to learn to do is to take full breaths before you sing and let it all out. Try this...take a big breath and say AHaa!, like you caught someone in the cookie jar. Let the whole word out with all your breath. Now sing it, holding it for about 5 seconds. Try it with different notes. Then try it to a song you know, still singing AHaa through all the notes. What it sounds like is happening is you re afraid of letting your voice out, so you start singing like a teenage superstar. Develop your own style. While it s okay to sing to the radio, you need some karaoke tapes, so you can sing alone. Practice alone, so that you can give it your all. Sing in front of a mirror, so that you can see how you form the words. Don t worrry about movement during singing. Do what comes natural to you. Practice for about an hour a day, making sure you have plenty of water to drink in between songs. Put a little lemon in the water, to help keep the phlegm down. Always stand up, when singing. It keeps your diaphragm free to expand. I think there are some vocal tapes on the market that could teach you what you need to know. They re cheaper than a vocal coach. But, a vocal coach can tell you what you re doing wrong, and encourage you when you re on the right track. If you re still in school, talk to the chorus teacher. Some communities have a community choir. Check and see if their director could help you. It just sounds like you need to let go and don t worry about style, or who might hear you. Enjoy yourself. Smile. Have fun. It s the greatest thing you can do with your voice.<*)))><
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26868
A voice teacher can help rid of your problem but don t put any pressure on your throat and try to change your breathing pattern until it seems like your useing your lower stomach.

QUESTION ID: EYO3T51PHNOEUXX
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why were the Irish starved out of Ireland by the Potato Famine when they were surrounded by water and fish?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am from Ireland, so don t tell me I m being rude please.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27464
hey...one potatoe two potatoe three potatoe four because there too drunk to go fishing
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27465
listen to the Sinead O Connor song Famine from the 1994 released Universal Mother.  It will explain it all.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27466
OK, I want to talk about IrelandSpecifically I want to talk about the famine About the fact that there never really was oneThere was no famine See Irish people were only allowed to eat potatoesAll of the other foodMeat fish vegetablesWere shipped out of the country under armed guardTo England while the Irish people starvedAnd then on the middle of all thisThey gave us money not to teach our children IrishAnd so we lost our historyAnd this is what I think is still hurting meSee we re like a child that s been batteredHas to drive itself out of it s head because it s frightenedStill feels all the painful feelingsBut they lose contact with the memoryAnd this leadsto massive self-destructionalcoholism, drug addictionAll desperate attempts at runningAnd in it s worst formBecomes actual killingAnd if there ever is gonna be healingThere has to be rememberingAnd then grievingSo that there then can be forgivingThere has to be knowledge and understandingAll the lonely peoplewhere do they all come fromAn American army regulationSays you mustn t kill more than 10% of a nation Cos to do so causes permanent psychological damage It s not permanent but they didn t know thatAnyway during the supposed famine We lost a lot more than 10% of our nationThrough deaths on land or on ships of emigrationBut what finally broke us was not starvationbut it s use in the controlling of our educationSchool go on about Black 47 On and on about The terrible famine But what they don t say is in truthThere really never was one(Excuse me)All the lonely people(I m sorry, excuse me)Where do they all come from(that I can tell you in one word)All the lonely peoplewhere do they all belongSo let s take a look shall weThe highest statistics of child abuse in the EECAnd we say we re a Christian countryBut we ve lost contact with our historySee we used to worship God as a motherWe re suffering from post traumatic stress disorderLook at all our old men in the pubsLook at all our young people on drugsWe used to worship God as a motherNow look at what we re doing to each otherWe ve even made killers of ourselvesThe most child-like trusting people in the UniverseAnd this is what s wrong with usOur history books the parent figures lied to usI see the IrishAs a race like a childThat got itself basned in the faceAnd if there ever is gonna be healingThere has to be rememberingAnd then grievingSo that there then can be forgivingThere has to be knowledge and understandingAll the lonely peopleWhere do they all come fromAll the lonely peopleWhere do they all come fromWe stand on the brink of a great achievementIn this Ireland there is no solutionto be found to our disagreementsby shooting each otherThere is no real invader hereWe are all Irish in all ourdifferent kinds of waysWe must not, now or ever in the future,show anything to each otherexcept tolerance, forbearanceand neighbourly lovebecause of our tradition everyone hereknows who he is and what God expects him to do.

QUESTION ID: EYXGS3S4ZC6TILG
QUESTION SUBJECT: how much charge is on the earth s surface ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74695
the person before me solved for the capacity, which is how much charge the earth can hold, not how much charge it is actually holding.there is no way to know for sure how much charge is on the earth s surface, it s too big, and it is constantly changing.  Charged particles go up into the atmosphere all the time, and everytime there s a lightning storm, it changes dramatically at one time, and there s no way to really measure how much charge is there at any given time.  Plus, it s not really charged becaue it is so big and has so little charge compared to its mass, which is why it can act as a grounding and not be affected when large amounts of charge are put into it, because they are still small charges relative to the mass of the earth.  it is impossible to calculate the total charge on the entire earth at any given time.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16557
Earth acts as a sepherical capacitor and its capacitence is given by the equationC = 4 ?? ?? rtaking r = 6400 Kmand 4 ?? ?? = 1/(9000000000)we get the capacitenc of earth equal to 711 micro farad.this is the charge storing capacity of earthI will consult my teachers and tell you the amount of surface charge distribution of earth. i will reply u in few days
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23387
That is a difficult question.  If we could find an exact answer, it would change seconds later.  First ofall, charge is a relative term.  The charge between the terminals of a common flashlight battery (actually a single cell) is 1.5 Volts DC.  if we place two cells in series (end-to-end) we get 3.0 Volts DC.The surface of the earth is ground for electrical circuits (or earth in England).  A power generator sends AC electricity to your house which returns through the ground (often using a ground wire in the circuit in good contact with the ground - perhaps through copper plumbing).  Electrons do not make the entire round trip, they are pushed into and pulled out of the power lines at the generator 60 time a second and pushed into and pulled out of your house.  There are different electrons at both ends of the trip but the pushing occurs at the speed of light all along the way.There are electrical currents always flowing through the ground in an attempt to equalize potential differences that may result from one land mass forming a battery cell relative to another due to chemical reactions, or due to the sun ionizing the earth s atmosphere steeing up differential charges o0ver a distance on land.  The earliest trans-Atlantic cables had to overcome the flow of current because the cables provided easy paths for current flow.The greatest charges on the earth s surface are relative to lightning storm clouds and can exceed 6,000 Volts.  Sensitive receivers can detect lightning striks constantly at one or more spots on out planet.  If you could picture the earth s surface as flat deserts and calm seas, that would represent zero charge.  If you now picture the earth s surface as representing local charge, there would be gentle rolling hills and shallow valleys (like death valley below sea level) and mountains where there are storm clouds.  hope this helps.  Good luck.

QUESTION ID: EZIYYR1N8KEYHAJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does a doctor check for cancer.  What type of doctor do you visit to get this checked and what is the cost
QUESTION CONTENT: I have recently in the past couple years developed what might be signs of cancer but I am not sure if I am just being paranoid or if they are of real concern.  I am 25 years old and have just recently started to get 2 moles on my neck. I have a few other moles on my body that are your typical brown mole that is a skin level but the new ones are different these are the ones that stick out past the skin and are about the same color as the skin they are not very big or noticable yet.  I have also developed eczema on my face and head that come and go in break outs. I also stay pretty tired most of the day, and encountered some sharp unexplained shoulder pains for a about 2 months but have since went away. Do these symptoms seem to be of any conern?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 62291
You mean skin cancer, not cancer, right?Those don t sound scary, but it is impossible to give a good opinion without seeing and perhaps biopsying them. They sound regularly pigmented and shapedYou ll want to see a dermatologist. Cost is varyable, but it could get into several hundred dollars if there are multiple biopsies.What are signs and symptoms of melanoma?Often, the first sign of melanoma is a change in the size, shape, color, orfeel of an existing mole. Most melanomas have a black or blue-black area. Melanoma also may appear as a new mole. It may be black, abnormal, or ugly looking. Thinking of ABCD can help you remember what to watch for:Asymmetry???The shape of one half does not match the other.Border???The edges are often ragged, notched, blurred, or irregular in outline; the pigment may spread into the surrounding skin.Color???The color is uneven. Shades of black, brown, and tan may be present. Areas of white, grey, red, pink, or blue also may be seen.Diameter???There is a change in size, usually an increase. Melanomas are usually larger than the eraser of a pencil (1/4 inch or 5 millimeters).Melanomas can vary greatly in how they look. Many show all of the ABCD features. However, some may show changes or abnormalities in only one or two of the ABCD features.(I would add skin sore that fails to heal to the list of warnings, although that is more for the other kinds of skin cancer [basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma]than for melanoma)Incidentally, the flat dark ones are also called nevi (singular nevus)Hope that helps
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3974
Go to a dermatologist and pay NO attention to medical opinions on the internet.  Most of the people giving advice have absolutely no idea what the hell they are talking about.  They will get you in trouble and cause you nothing but worry and grief.

QUESTION ID: F017WQNIXFM5JZX
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to improve employes and ensure consistent service?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61278
Al,  I have answered this question on a professional networking site as I am fairly experienced in Staffing and HR...Your question is very close to another I answered on how to inspire passion decrease turnover, and in general have a great workforce in an organization, so I sort of borrowed my answer, BUT it is REALLY the same thing... ???How to Inspire passion You can t inspire passion, but you can hire people who are passionate (about anything) and channel the ability to be passionate to the work. How to inspire loyalty You inspire loyalty in your employees, by being loyal to them first. Taking the entire question (passion, loyalty, influence, power, authority, etc.) you are asking about how to build, lead, and ultimately grow a high-performing organization. So, here is my $0.02 worth... A high-performing organization is made of individuals working both by themselves and as teams always moving forward to and within the goals, objectives and ethics of the organization. Provided: The organization s business is viewed as a positive influence in the world The organization s management is viewed as capable, compassionate, engaged, fair, approachable, intelligent, etc The organization s culture, policies and day-to-day activities encourage people to do their best work The organization recognizes and rewards good work The organization supports it s employees when needed The organization promotes the best, removes the worst (with class and dignity) The organization empowers people to take risks and rewards when these risks pay off. The organization give people the power to make changes, and rewards when changes affect the company positively THEN you have a great company and it will provide more than great service.  This organization will amaze its clients.AND guess what... IT COSTS NO MORE MONEY THAN DOING THINGS WRONG.  IN fact, its ultimately costs less and makes more.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61279
this is a golf section you know? try business section.here is my advice pay them more what else? If you got employees that you like and are trained pay them more otherwise you simply get what you pay for. Also don t give them false hopes of promotion or feed them lies about team commitment and all of that garbage. I have had some jobs in mt day i know that management has meetings every quarter about their bottom line. I also am aware that team morale andemployee happiness comes up. The answer is simple pay them more money what else can you do its a trade off harder work results in better pay? No better pay =better harder working employees!

QUESTION ID: F0J66PG3LTVC6JB
QUESTION SUBJECT: Cancer is very expensive to treat. Why are there 1000 s in the US deciding against treatment because of cost?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81748
Cancer is very expensive to treat - and our medical system is somewhat flawed in that the hospitals charge a tremendous amount for these services and yet most people could never afford to pay for them without insurance. Even with the insurance, the costs are astromonical and sometimes completely destroy a family s savings, income and future. Granted - the cancer can be stopped and the person can perhaps live a normal life after that.  But I believe that our country s priorities are a bit off - why don t we have free health care instead of GIVING billions of dollars to other countries?  Why are we spending BILLIONS trying to help Iraq when our country is in such a mess?  Why do we pay MILLIONS to sports players when we have children starving on the streets?  So yes, cancer is expensive and there are people dying every day because of not having enough money to pay for the treatment - people are losing mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters, sons, daughters, and other family members to the disease.  Do you see a problem with this scenario?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81749
Most people in the US are only once medical crisis away from bankruptcy and 46 million citizens and who knows how many illegal aliens have zero health insurance. How can America fix this? tax cuts for the very wealthy and eliminate the estate tax so that when you are living in your old truck under the bridge you won t have to worry about your heirs having to pay estate taxes when they inherit your old truck after your passing.

QUESTION ID: F0PYJYQHGENFCUT
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you cure heart cancer without surgery?
QUESTION CONTENT: is it possible?please let me know quick....
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 453
Heart cancer is rare, but I know that it occurs because people in the Sarcoma group where I go have Angiosarcoma. It is a rare disease so not many people have heard about it (also referred to as Cardiac Sarcoma or Angiosarcoma of the Heart).Cardiac Sarcoma-http://www.emedicine.com/med/topic282.htmCardiac Tumors-http://www.csmc.edu/5008.htmlPrimary cardiac tumors.-http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/articlerender.fcgi?tool=pmcentrez&artid=1345598Cardiac tumors are a rare, but potentially curably form of heart disease. A high index of clinical suspicion is necessary for diagnosis as these tumors have protean manifestations that mimic a variety of other cardiac and noncardiac diseases. Presently, M-mode and two-dimensional echocardiography are utilized as safe, reliable, and noninvasive imaging modalities. Seventy-five per cent of these tumors are benign, with myxoma accounting for 50% and rhabodomyoma comprising 20% of lesions. Various histologic types of sarcoma are the predominant malignant cardiac neoplasms. With strict attention to avoiding perioperative tumor embolization, surgical resection of these lesions can be accomplished with minimal morbidity and mortality. Sixteen consecutive primary tumors of the heart have been surgically treated at Duke University Medical Center since 1966 with no perioperative deaths and no late recurrences.Surgery is a must in these cases, as with out surgery other complications may arise and it may be fatel. So advise immediate surgery followed by chemotherapy. Your Oncologist will be the best person to take the decision. Best of lluck for the patient. -
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52241
There are a few tumors I know of that can involve the heart, there are some possibilty that you can operate on them only if they are on the right side of the heart by using your big veins in your leg...but it is a difficult procedure...your best answer will be consulting with cardiothoracic surgeons
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52242
buy a product called cantron this saved my mothers life it is also very affordable atleast look into it

QUESTION ID: F0RUMBXHAMSWULE
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do people believe in the...?
QUESTION CONTENT: why do people believe in the Big Bang Theory...its so pointlesss....the real questiojn o the big bang theory is....were did all that dust come from? ...i mean it had to be created by someone or something...thats why i believe in the truth that GOD created the earth is 6,000 to 10,000 years old...NOT billions of years old...and if you contradict me...i want proff that the big bang theory is true... and it better be good...ok first...the bible is the best book ever and its not crappy...it the truth...youll be sorry for saying anything bad about the bible...and if your wondering about God...he has ALWAYS existed... and yes maybe God did create the big band... good thought...if you want more proof ...try going to church or reading the bible...it might be good for you  people....i know whats right becuase i learned it from  a person who knows more than you probably do (spiritually) human knowledge is not as great as Godly wisdom...so actually i could know more than you spiritually...ok do you people not understand this ... all those people who tell you that the universe was created  billions of years ago...ITS ALLLLL A LIE!!!!! and as i said..  if you want more proof read the bible...and for those who cant read... go to church...it might be helpful...if your wondering why i asked this question i wanted to find out peoples opinoinsif you tell kids this its gonna corrupt thier minds with LIES... im sorry butif i were a parent i wouldnt tell them a lie and later tell them they cant lie... im done with you people...go to church or read the bible ...periodyou guys are very RUDE and i have a life...my life is in JESUS...and as a CHRISTIAN...i must say sorry to those who i offended you and your religon...but i do feel sorry for the other IDIOTS that dont even listen to others opinions...i just tried to help you guys understand what is the TRUTH!!!...you guys that dis the bible and me youll be sorry...and for the CHRISTIANS i am sorry to listen to these other IDIOTS!...this is why JESUS died for the people who were IDIOTS and didnt understand his ways... and there is proof to alll that you want its in the BIBLE...and if your to stubborn to read the BIBLE...well im sorry...i cant help you any more than saying ....READ THE BIBLE!!!!!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9237
Because its the best explanation we have so far of how the universe was created based on what we know of astro physics.Even if some sort of god created the universe, that doesn t mean he didn t activate the big bang.As far as proof...how do you propose we prove something that happened billions and billions of years ago?  Where is your proof that God exists?  The bible? Ha, thats not hardly proof.We have carbon dating that can prove things here on earth are millions of years old.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14851
Perhaps the reverend would like to rephrase his sentence to read that 2/3 of all college graduates DO NOT accept the biblical account of creation as fact.I must agree with Jason.Vincent s statements regarding the age of the Universe is no longer in question. The age of Earth rocks and Moon rocks can verify. The life cycle of our Sun is 10 billion years and we are halfway through it. The distance to stars is a highly accurate measurement system. The speed of light can verify. We see the death of stars that happened billions of years farther than 10,000 years ago.Eri presents a good point. The tone of your question does not allow for intelligent discussion. You ask a question, then slam the door shut hoping not to hear the answers. Presenting proof in this case would be futile. A mindset based upon ignorance cannot be open to opposing viewpoints. It s almost as if you came out from hiding, threw a knife at astronomical science, then ran away to hide behind your bible. You asked for facts as evidence. Your response to these facts is, It s a lie, it s a lie. I am a Christian. Being a Christian does not in any way mean that now I cannot believe in science. Science is not some dogma out to kill God. It only presents knowledge and truth and understanding. Why does that produce fear in you? If your religion denies scientific evidence and truth then what is your religion based upon?If, in your religion, the Earth is 6,000-10,000 years old, then where do dinosaurs fit in? Does your bible deny their existence? I remain open to new ideas so please let us know how the following Ages fit into your account of creation:Proterozoic   Neoproterozoic  Phanerozoic    Paleozoic       Cambrian       Ordovician       Silurian       Devonian       Carboniferous       Permian   Mesozoic Please explain to us Ice Ages and when they occured.Please explain your historical concept of Pangea.I will gladly trade in my encyclopedias for any new knowledge that you can present. Because clearly it is not just the science of Astronomy that is lying to you. It is Geologists, Paleontologists, Physicists, Mathematicians, Chemists, Biologists, etc. There are many other theories to believe in besides the Big Bang. Find one that suits you. But if your theory begins with Earth is 6,000-10,000 years old... Don t expect too many followers. The next time you go to church, take some time to sit down with your priest or pastor and discuss some of your questions with him/her. I have a feeling that you will be surprised that almost nobody believes in the literal translation of the Bible today. Do some research into the Pope s position. Including his recent statements that the Bible s stories of creation should not be taken as a literal translation. Science is here to help us learn things. It is not the Anti-Christ.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20364
people are ignorant. I hate my school teaching students about that stupid bigbang theory. God created the universe. People: read Genesis chapter 1 up to chapter 2 verse 4. period.Some people cant just accept the fact the God is smater than us. thats why he created us with limited thinking.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46970
Can you provide proof (not just words in a book, but actual scientific proof) that the Earth was created 6000 years ago?You are free to believe or not believe whatever you like.So am I.You don t have to defend your beliefs, neither do I.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46971
I dont mean to bust your bubble, but if you are talking religion, proof is not nessessary. However, if you are talking about science, the big bang theory is a scientific theory. That means it is an attempt to explain something, in this case the creation of the universe. The best evidence so far is the red shift, which shows us that all matter is moving away from a central point in the universe, as if an explosion happened there.Many scientists come to the conclusion that there is a God, however, God can not be proven in a scientific way, and therefore God can not be used as an explanation in a scientific theory. Personally, as a devout Christian, I think its just lazy for people to blindly believe in the first chapter of the Bible, without looking at the possibility that it was meant to have meaning other than litteral meaning. Maybe God is allowing us to see how hereally created the universe so that we can look at those first few chapters of the Bible in a more meaningful way.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46972
hahahaha. so can you explain you god makes sense? i would really like to know that. explain to me why god can create something from nothing. because hes god isnt an answer. its a safeguard you idiots return to whenever anyone asks you something. and we have fossils billions of years old, we have human remains 600,000 years ago. y does it make so much sense to you that there is one all powerful being that can do whatever he wants. is it just because it cant be proven false, if thats the case than the big bang makes tons more sense then that, atleast the big bang is based on observation and information, not a 2 thousand year old book.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46973
If you think you know more than I do, you will look upon anything I say with a negative attitude, not pay any attention to my logic. Besides, you report having a mentor in whom you have the utmost confidence, so what is the purpose  in making any detailed statements to you. I suggest that you examine why you asked this question in the first place. Did you seriously want to obtain answers, or did you wish to engage in controversy about something that cannot be proven?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46974
Dear,You may, of course, believe anything you wish, but indulge with me in this little though experiment.Suppose, just suppose, that the Big Bang Theory is true, and that you, divinely inspired, are trying to explain it to a group of desert nomads around a campfire, five thousand years ago.Remember these people are unscientific and need for things to be poetic so they may be remembered and repeated accurately for them to understand and pass down as much as possibleCould you come up with anything better than that verse in Genesis that starts In the beginning..... ?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46975
Hi gurl -Sort of hate to jump in here - there s no way that you will even consider what I have to say. But let s take mark b. s approach and read Genesis chapter 1. God created the heaven and the earth - no stars, no sun, no other planets - those don t appear until verse 16, after there is light (from where? no answer) water, grass (without sunlight?), but before animals, which of course are way different than plants. Oh by the way, what is meant by Second Day, Third Day - when there is no sun? Does this make more sense to you than the cosmic microwave background radiation, or do you care to understand what that means? It may take a few more pages than Genesis. Is your answer to every question because God made it that way ? If you see light from galaxies that left the source 2 million years ago, then is your position that:a. You don t believe itb. You don t understand itc. God put it there to fool usd. All of the abovePlease read books other than the Bible. Please listen to people in addition to your pastor. You could be mistaken.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46976
Oh, my dear, I am so sorry for you.  How awful it must be to be so afraid of the reality in which you live that you must withdraw for a sense of safety into an illogical set of beliefs that were long ago shown to be both false and irrelevant?It s like this:  I believe that God started his creation billions of years ago and that he has created through evolution in diversity far richer than the old Hebrew poets that wrote the two separate and conflicting creation stories that make up the first two chapters of Genesis could have imagined.That is, I believe in a God to whom billions of years makes a short time.At the same time, you pathetically insist on believing in a God that created only a few types of animals (those that were known to the nomadic Hebrew people in the desert) only a few thousand years ago.  You believe in a short-sighted, unrealistic god.How then can you say that your god is greater than my God?Get a life!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46977
Well there is no evidence that the big bang happend and if it did it must have been caused by somthing. I think that it must have been God that created the big bang.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 56550
Our universe probably emerged from the collapse of a previous universe.  You might accept big bang theory if you read up on what it actually is - you seem confused. Your proof (note: two o s, one f) can be found on wikipedia or here http://www.talkorigins.org .  However, from your post, I highly doubt you d be capable of understanding it even if you did go there.  You might want to wait until you ve finished high school chemistry and physics before you decide you know everything.

QUESTION ID: F1CQ3HS3T58CMJL
QUESTION SUBJECT: The bears have potential but won t go after a QB why do we think these underclass QB can ever be NFL caliber?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5237
i don t think these underclass qb s could be NFL caliber. probally woodson only. but they still be better then rex grossman
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64405
Chicago Bears - No team can be more disappointed with their season than the Chicago Bears. After a loss in last years Super bowl, the Bears failed to make the playoffs. This continues a seven-year streak of the team losing the Super bowl not making the playoffs the next year. I am sure that company doesn???t make the Bears any happier to join that club. After a bitter off-season standoff with Lance Briggs, the Bears will lose his services this season as one of the stipulations of his actually opting to play for them in 2007. This, after he had threatened to not play another down for the Bears. The rumor mill has min heading west to join Defensive ROY Patrick Willis in San Francisco. But all that matters to Lovie Smith is that new found hole at Linebacker. I am all for character, and for standing your ground as a franchise. But that ground became a slippery slope, when they released Tank Johnson. Johnson was stopped for a speeding ticket in Arizona shortly after being released from Jail. He had been sentenced to 120 days for violating probation, in relation to gun charges. His blood was taken because he appeared to be ???the slightest bit impaired???, it would come back later as under the legal limit. At that point the Bears had already released him. This is the point where the Bears season began to unravel. The Bears linebackers are not the biggest core in the league. The success they have had previously had a lot to do with the fact that Johnson was in the middle taking up two blockers. I also think that this has led to trouble on the other side of the ball. With that weak front seven the Bears have gotten behind in several games, which has forced them to be in passing situations more often than they would like. Rex Grossman did not get worse, at least not that much worse than he was. No quarterback though can have success when the other team knows he must pass. Between Grossman not being able to pass successfully and fewer opportunities to play ball control and run the clock out. The running game suffered as well.I believe that their two largest needs are at qb (yes I know I just said that Grossman didn???t get that much worse, but he wasn???t that good to start with) and a run-stuffing interior D lineman. To replace Johnson. They also have some need at WR with fan favorite Muhsin Muhammed, entering free agency. The Bears would love to get Andre Woodson at the 14th spot. With Brian Brohm and Matt Ryan going to the Falcons and Ravens, this is very likely. I do however have a hunch that Carolina may take Woodson on, as a project considering what a wheel of misfortune their QB spot was this season. If they can???t get a QB they could consider reaching a few spots for Malcolm Kelly, though I don???t think it would be smart to reach for your third position. It would be ideal if Sedrick Ellis dropped to this spot but that is about 5 spots deeper than the 9 he is being projected right now. If the Bears could trade to get Miami???s pick it would be great to get Dorsey to shore up that D line. They also could trade to deeper spot in the first round to get D line help but there really isn???t much help where they are at in the draft.

QUESTION ID: F3FU7HHG8F77G2N
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is all this money being spent on cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: I ve heard recently that the V Foundation has raised $80 million dollars for cancer research.  But we have 1 out of 2 men and 1 out of 3 women who still get cancer.  Didn t it used to be much less?  Isn t all this money doing any good at all or is it just a profit front?  It upsets me that so many people are dying of cancer , at the tune of 553,091 people a year!  And we supposedly spent over a trillion dollars on health care 10 years ago!  If we re spending all this money shouldn t people be getting better?  And why in the world are the oncologists telling people that cancer was caused by chance/fate when everybody knows that s not right?  Anybody with half a brain knows it s our affluent lifestyle!  Why aren t they telling people that?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 684
You need to stand back and look at the big picture. Cancer is an ancient disease . . it s always been around. It is not new at all and has nothing to do with lifestyle . . people thousands of years ago died from cancer . . there are fossilized remains. There are mummified remains of Egyptians with breast cancer. The difference is not that there is more cancer in today s world . . the biggest difference is that due to research and better treatment options more and more people are surviving cancer. That is why you know so many people with cancer! And, yes, people still die from cancer . . but look at their age . . and their overall health as contributing factors. Far more people are living with cancer than they ever were in the past.And, your comment about having a half a brain is offensive to those of use with children and teens fighting cancer.  My son did nothing that caused his type of cancer. He has a rare abdominal sarcoma that presents as multiple tumors within the abdominal cavity. It is a childhood disease that predominately strikes males . . what in the world does that have to do with his lifestyle. He was athletic. Worked weekends. Went to school and was a healthy teen. No one knows exactly what causes his type of cancer but it is suspected that the normal growth spurts that occur during puberty have something to do with it. It has nothing to do with how anyone lives. I know four year old with this disease and it is absolutely devastating.I could probably fill you in on current research that is taking place with targeted therapy, but I don t think you are interested. ACS: the history of cancerhttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/CRI/content/CRI_2_6x_the_history_of_cancer_72.asp
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13288
Some of us may not be aware of it, but we have a much bigger impact on our health than we d think.  The bottom line is that we do have more than half a million cancer deaths a year, second behind heart disease.  There s a reason that s happening.Many say diet doesn t cause cancer, but that s wrong.  The WHO says 30% of cancers in western civilizations could be avoided with diet alone here - http://www.who.int/dietphysicalactivity/publications/facts/cancer/en/ .  Tobacco use is the number one causefor cancer.The book A Cancer Battle Plan quotes Dr. Peter Greenwald, director of cancer prevention and control at the National Cancer Institute on page 47: The Japanese in Japan have one fifth or one sixth the rate of breast cancer that we do.  When they move to Hawaii, the rate goes up. And on page 33, Dr. Ernest H. Rosenbaum, M.D., among other things the chief of oncology (the study and treatment of tumors) at French Hospital and Medical Center in San Francisco, wrote, It appears that our affluence - our good life - is the major contributor to the high death rates we have from cancer, as well as heart disease, stroke, emphysema, and obesity. And later on page 33, The great mystery disease of modern humans, the number two killer moving quickly toward number one, is in large part a nightmare that we ve brought on ourselves.  We are, in effect, poisoning ourselves to death. Page 33 and 34 - As the scientists and researchers behind Prevention Magazine Health Books observe, 80 - 90% of all cancers are the result of things we do to ourselves. Page 34 - Patrick Quillen, Ph.D, concurs, pointing toward diet as the chief culprit:New estimates say that 90 percent of all cancer is environmentally caused and hence preventable.  Environmental factors include foods, pollutants, sunlight, tobacco, etc.  Of these environmental factors, nutrition (diet) is probably the most important.  A conservative estimate states that 30 - 60 percent of all cancer is nutrition-related.  The U.S. has 500 percent more breast and colon cancer than other areas of the world, and much of this dubious distinction is caused by poor nutrition. Page 36 says, Dr. Wheeler goes on to observe that the ability of your immune system to successfully prevent [or in our case, reverse]cancer is directly dependent on your state of nutrition. In other words, diet has a great deal to do with the strength and well-being of our immune system, which in turn has agreat deal to do with how well our bodies are able to fight off the occurrence and spread of cancer cells. Page 34 says, There is a cause-and-effect relationship between the environment we ve created - the lifestyles and diets we ve chosen - and the health problems we re experiencing as a country.  When it comes to identifying the chief cause of cancer, we have met the enemy and he is us! Later on page 34, Coming from a family history of breast cancer, I was aware of my increased risk.  In light of that, I breast-fed my babies, stayed away from coffee and alcohol, and did all that I knew to do at the time.  What I didn t know, however, was the link between cancer and the typical American diet.  Unfortunately, cancer does not wait for its potential victims to become educated.  In my ignorance I gave it an open door to develop in my body. I could continue, but I think that s plenty of evidence.  Page 45 says, I had always thought I was eating a good, healthy diet. The key is that a lot of people in the US are eating in such a way that causes disease, and it s not easy to figure out how to eat properly.  There s a lot of confusion on the topic of nutrition as well as disease because there s a lot of money to be made on both.There s other lifestyle causes I identify here from a reliable source - Guyton and Hall s Textbook of Medical Physiology - http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ag8lUeQ2ziH5c5GNs.7SvnXty6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20071130142438AAKYyJl&show=7#profile-info-AA10503846 .

QUESTION ID: F4ERMCM8QMMRKEO
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can you detect a cancerous cell?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 50882
If you are refering to one or a few cancerous cells, there is currently no way of being able to detect cancer in the very early developing satges.If you are refering to a sizeable tumour, then there are numerous multinodal options. PET scans for instance are a very accurate means of identifying the presence and activity of some cancers, within limitations. A PET scan would normally be used in conjunction with a CT scan to obtain an effective overlay of the images. As the CT will show any abnormal growth the PET scan would reveal if there are any live cancerous cells in the given area. However, PET scans are not full proof as they may not accurately identify cancerous growth that is less than about 8mm in size. This equates to approximately 1 million (1x10^6) cancerous cells that may go undetected. Therefore, to ensure the accuracy of a PET scan, the active cancerous growth would need to comprise of 1x10^9 cancerous cells. This would equate to a tumour size of between 1-2cm. Other option would be a biopsy or both.Maybe in the future there may be new methods developed that will be able to detect a cancerous cell, such as nano MRI or laser technology. The following links will provide some info on studies beingdone using these early detection methods.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50883
Biopsies, from my understanding, damage the tissue at the tumor site and expose it to air.  From what I ve heard, it causes the cancer to grow at an even more rapid rate.  I ve heard of medical folks using cat scans to verify it, but biopsies are a definite way.  If you have a strong suspicion or have been diagnosed w/ cancer, and want to educate yourself, check out http://www.hacres.com, http://www.pcrm.org, http://www.cancertutor.com for material about how to treat the cause instead of the symptom (the cancer itself).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50884
Currently there is no way for the ordinary person to detect a cancerous cell until it has developed and grown large enough to detect. There are millions if not trillions of cells that make up the human body . . finding one that is cancerous is impossible unless you luck out and find it. Cancer needs to be a certain size . . developed into a pin point nodule or spot before it can be detected by a CT and even at that point it is difficult to determine if it is cancerous. When questionable spots are found on CT the doctor usually does a baseline scan and than waits a month or two and does a second scan to compare the two. It the spot is cancer it will have grown and at that point a doctor would suspect cancer. A biopsy is possible only is there is enough tumor to biopsy, otherwise if not enough is gathered the results could be inconclusive.So, currently there is no way to tell if a person has a cancerous cell or not.

QUESTION ID: F55LV4Y7WJAIAW5
QUESTION SUBJECT: My dad has bladder cancer, how can I be there for him in his time of need????
QUESTION CONTENT: My dad has been diagnosed with bladder cancer, and is due to have an operation in a couple of days to have most of it removed. He has become very closed off, and doesn t tell me what he s thinking. 1) How do I deal with him, and at the same time cope with the situation myself???2) Is bladder cancer the real deal, will he die or recover???
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86011
I would just spend as much time with him and let him know how much you love him.  We all have our ways of coping with things differently and closing himself up is probably one of his ways of dealing with it. Is there some one else like your mom or a friend who has gone through something hard that you can talk to or confide in.  If so I would talk to them if your dad isn t willing to open up.  Truthfully noone can tell you how to cope with yourself that is up to you because like I said we all have our different ways of coping with things.  I think that bladder cancer as long as they get rid of it all in surgery he should recover, and not to be mean but it could come back.  Always pray for the best but be prepared for the worse.  I wish you and your family the best of luck and God Bless.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86012
One of the best things that you could do is to become as educated as possible about this disease. The more you know the better able you will be to hold a conversation with your father, his doctors, and other people. The more you know, the more options will become available to treat your father. Not all bladder cancer is the same. There are stages of cancer that will determine the type of treatment he will receive. I can point you in a few directions so that you can start to learn more about bladder cancer. Your father may not be able to do this type of research . . because it can be frightening. What you need to be careful about is paying too much attention to statisitics. Ignore them, everyone is an individual and treatment for each person can be different. You should also be aware that there are survivors for all types of disease, at all stages and grades of cancer.National Cancer Institute: What you need to know about Bladder cancerhttp://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/wyntk/bladderhttp://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/types/bladderMedline Plus: Bladder Cancerhttp://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/bladdercancer.htmlCancerCare - online social workers who can help and talk you through the cancer maze.http://www.cancercare.org/Bladder Cancer Cafe - online support grouphttp://blcwebcafe.org/One avenue that help me cope with my sons diagnosis of stage IV abdominal sarcoma was to create a caringbridge journal. It s an online journal where you can keep family and friends informed about what is happening. It is a free service: http://www.caringbridge.org/   Some people prefer carepages sites instead: http://www.carepages.com/Good luck to you and I hope you find this informative. I found that the more I knew about the disease (eventhough some of the info is just horrendous) was better than not knowing. At least when I worry I know that it is real and not imaginary concerns.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86013
I m sure your dad has many concerns on his mind...his cancer...you children...just let him know that you love him and be strong for him.  If he sees that you have faith, he will have strength and hope and faith too.The fact they are doing surgery is a good thing.  They  may remove all the cancer and he could be just fine.Cancer isn t necessarily a death sentence these days.  Medication has come a long way.And frankly, I didn t want to read anything about cancer online.  There is just too much that may or may not apply to your case.  I stuck with what my doctor told me, read the materials they gave me, and frankly they were amazing.  The support I got from the hospital was everything we needed and I did not want or need to know about all the horrible things that may or may not happen.  Fortunately for us, he is cancer free right now.  It s a tough thing to weather, but we just focused on one day at a time and made it through.  That s all you can really do.I think it s very important to keep life as normal as possible and to hope and pray for the best.

QUESTION ID: F68RKTP6UHCWNAY
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is my heart skipping beats?
QUESTION CONTENT: I went to a new doctor the other day because I have had chest pressure and tightness off and on for the last year and a half and the other doctor I had was not able to figure it out so I stopped going to her....had also in that time been to the ER twice and both times they told me my EKG and bloodwork was fine....well this time I go to a new doctor and when she is listening to my heart she has a funny look on her face and says that my heart is skipping beats........she is making me stop drinking caffine as that is the only thing that I drink (sweet tea), hoping that is what is causing the skipping but I have been off caffine totally for almost a week and it hasn t stopped.  Was wondering if anyone else has any idea what this could be....I looked up Premature ventricular contractions and this is what it says:****Premature ventricular (ven-TRIK u-ler) contractions (PVCs), also known as extrasystoles (eks trah-SIS to-leez), are extra heartbeats.*****My problem is not extra heartbeats, my heart is actually missing beats...Anyone else have any ideas???
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87767
Search for premature ventricular contractions on the Net.These are usually not dangerous, but I seem to feel a very strong fight or flight reaction when they happen. I think that the docs believe that I am just fearful because my heart is skipping beats, but that isn t the case. I understand that they aren t dangerous, and I m not afraid of them. It feels like a physical or hormonal response. (I think it feels like adrenalin.)At any rate, I am being treated with low doses of a beta blocker, though it isn t always necessary to treat at all. Still, it should be evaluated. It CAN be a symptom of a more serious cardiac problem, even though it usually isn t.Caffeine and nicotine (as well as certain illegal drugs) can certainly contribute to the problem.L..Edit:  When your heart  has an extra beat - a PVC - you don t normally feel it. What you feel is when the electrical system of the heart tries to reset itself. it pauses the heartbeat while it reboots, then bam, a heartbeat, and often a slightly more forceful one than you normally feel. What you feel - and what the docs call palpitations (which means awareness of heartbeats) - is the pause, which feels like your heart skipping a beat. What causes the pause is an extra heartbeat. You didn t read far enough. :-)Start here: http://www.americanheart.org/presenter.jhtml?identifier=4695.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87768
Eat less animal fat, like cheese, eggs&meat.

QUESTION ID: F6CXCDO05NWMDJL
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: I dont get it.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79143
Yep what David said is pretty much it. Red, Yellow and Blue light waves come shining in from the sun. When it gets to Earth the molecules scatter light waves around. The blue waves get bounced back and that s what we see while the red and yellow keep on going. You notice you don t see that much of a blue sky when it s night time right?Or you can always go with the cause it is theory. Whatever works for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27314
God made it that way
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27315
This Question has been asked a thousand times. but here we go again.A clear cloudless day-time sky is blue because molecules in the air scatter blue light from the sun more than they scatter red light.  When we look towards the sun at sunset, we see red and orange colours because the blue light has been scattered out and away from the line of sight.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27316
Millionth time isn t it?Well, some people say that it s because of the reflection of the ocean.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27317
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27318
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue

QUESTION ID: F78T7SRT82GGYA5
QUESTION SUBJECT: How are girl bullies different from boy bullies?
QUESTION CONTENT: If you have any personal experience or opinion on this topic, I would love to hear about it!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78926
boy bullies are more physical.girl bullies are more verbal.boy bullies are punished.girl bullies are coddled.boy bullies are shamed.girl bullies are celebrated.I remember when I was in 6th grade, a girl, who apparently liked me, kicked me in the shins with what felt like steel toe boots.  Don t get me wrong - they were boots, I just don t know if they were steel toe.Now, being a boy, I wouldn t normally snitch about some girl hitting me, but this was over the top - I mean, it hurt really bad.I told my teacher about it and he screamed at me at the top of his lungs for whining, so I slumped back to my desk and held back my tears, not for the physical pain, but for the emotional betrayal I felt at the hand of my teacher.The next day, I wore shorts to school, and my legs each had a purple bruise about the size of an apple.  The same teacher asked me what happened, and I reminded him how I got the bruises.He took the girl aside and gently instructed her that it wasn t really nice what she did.  No screaming, no apology, no nothing.And that was the day I learned the truth about boys and girls.Interestingly enough, most everything I ve observed since has supported that truth.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27155
Boy bullies will usually threaten you physically. Girl bullies take a pshycological route. Girl bullies usually stick around longer too. Girls are more likely to hold grudges.

QUESTION ID: FCBPKNS451JZBME
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does air pressure effect the ability of a ball to bounce?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72783
The more pressure a ball has inside it, the less its surface dents during a bounce and the more of its original energy it stores in the compressed air. Air stores and returns energy relatively efficiently during a rapid bounce, so the pressurized ball bounces high. But an underinflated ball dents deeply and its skin flexes inefficiently. Much of the ball s original energy is wasted in heating the bending skin and it doesn t bounce very high. In general, the higher the internal pressure in the ball, the better it will bounce. However, the ball doesn t bounce all by itself when you drop it on a flexible surface. In that case, the surface also dents and is responsible for part of the ball s rebound. If that surface handles energy inefficiently, it may weaken the ball s bounce. For example, if you drop the ball on carpeting, the carpeting will do much of the denting, will receive much of the ball s original energy, and will waste its share as heat. The ball won t rebound well.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21496
The bounce of the ball depends on many physical properties, gravity, elasticity of the ball, force ball hits the ground etc etc. One factor is the resistance to the ball as it moves upward in the bounce, this resistance comes from gravity, pulling the ball down and air pressure, pushing down on the ball. Less air pressure means less force from the air pushing down on the ball as it moves up, so it will bounce higher if all other factors stay the same.

QUESTION ID: FCND4O8KJ76NZ71
QUESTION SUBJECT: How quickly can high blood pressure be lowered?
QUESTION CONTENT: My partner s just been told that they have high blood pressure 160/98.  How soon could this be reduced to 140/80 or better still 120/80?Not wanting to take medicine, would hope to do this through exercises and change of diet etc.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 44715
Your partner has got Stage 2 Hypertension.Essential hypertension refers to high blood pressure with no identifiable cause.Malignant hypertension is usually defined as very high blood pressure with swelling of the optic nerve behind the eye, called papilledema (grade IV Keith-Wagner hypertensive retinopathy). Malignant hypertension is usually accompanied by other organ damage like heart failure, kidney failure, and hypertensive encephalopathy.Hypertension (high blood pressure) can be caused by using a chemical substance, drug, or medication. It can also be caused by stopping a drug or medication.Renovascular hypertension is high blood pressure due to narrowing of the arteries that carry blood to the kidneys. It is a form of secondary hypertension.The cause of hypertension should be found out and treatment taken.Lifestyle changes can help you control and prevent high blood pressure ??? even if you re taking blood pressure medication. Here s what you can do:    * Eat healthy foods. Try the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, which emphasizes fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low-fat dairy foods. Get plenty of potassium, which can help prevent and control high blood pressure. Eat less saturated fat and total fat. Limit the amount of sodium in your diet. Although 2,400 milligrams (mg) of sodium a day is the current limit for otherwise healthy adults, limiting sodium intake to 1,500 mg a day will have a more dramatic effect on your blood pressure.    * Maintain a healthy weight. If you re overweight, losing even 5 pounds can lower your blood pressure.    * Increase physical activity. Regular physical activity can help lower your blood pressure and keep your weight under control. Strive for at least 30 minutes of physical activity a day.    * Limit alcohol. Even if you re healthy, alcohol can raise your blood pressure. If you choose to drink alcohol, do so in moderation ??? up to one drink a day for women, two drinks a day for men.    * Don t smoke. Tobacco injures blood vessel walls and speeds up the process of hardening of the arteries. If you smoke, ask your doctor to help you quit.    * Manage stress. Reduce stress as much as possible. Practice healthy coping techniques, such as muscle relaxation and deep breathing. Getting plenty of sleep can help, too.    * Practice slow, deep breathing. Do it on your own or try device-guided paced breathing. In various clinical trials, regular use of Resperate ??? an over-the-counter device approved by the Food and Drug Administration to analyze breathing patterns and help guide inhalation and exhalation ??? significantly lowered blood pressure.Please see the web pages for more details on Hypertension.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44716
Well I tried and never manged it. I went on Enalapril, and it came down within days, cant tell you the relief. I have had no probs with the drug either, so its not THAT bad taking the tablets. And I am only 37. My BP was caused by pregnancy, and never came down.

QUESTION ID: FDW8PRK834NREVE
QUESTION SUBJECT: How old would the universe appear to a particle traveling at 99.99999 % of the speed of light?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73993
Well its not the time of the universe that appears to change, its the age of the particle itself that changes. In this case, in the 13.5 billion years the universe has been around, only 6.04 million years will have gone by to the particle.Let me explain how i got it: the formula is t =t/sqrt(1-c^2/v^2) where t is the time for an outside observer, t is the time for the particle moving at the velocity, c is the speed of light, v is the velocity of the particle, and ^2 means squared and sqrt means square root.the universe is estimated to be 13.7 billion years old, assuming that this particle has been traveling at this speed since the beginning, that would make our t 13.7 billion, and we are solving for t.  Now, v would just be .9999999 times the speed of light which is 299792458 m/s.  this means that the velocity of the particle is 299792428 m/s.  plugging into the formula:13.5 x 10^9 = t/sqrt(1-299792458^2/299792428^2) which would make t equal to 6.04 x 10^6 meaning that the amount of time that has past for this particle would only be 6.04 million years. (note: you need a graphing calculator, or maybe  a scientific one) to actually get an answer because when you divide v^2/c^2 you get a number so insanely close to one that unless the calculator has a LOT of places, it will just say 1) Usually time dialation does not work to this extreme because we usually sayy like 95% the speed of light or something, and you have a lot of 9 s there after the decimal.  The more you put, the less the time will be.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88317
blurry. really blurry.

QUESTION ID: FEIPDQECR5ACM3C
QUESTION SUBJECT: Cancers, how to test for them.?
QUESTION CONTENT: Well, it s like this, every time i have my period, i have extreme pain in my abdomen. i do not usually get this and when i do, it only lasts for about half an hour. after wards, i always find a lump of meat . again, my GP says that it may simply be a blood clot, but what i get looks like a miniature fillet! it is not small, the smallest one was about 1cm long. i have had this since i was 17. what could it be? Ovarian cancer? Cervical Cancer? a Uterine cancer? Please help.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4473
Since you have doubts about your GP s comment, seek another doc for a 2nd opinion (or 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, seek as many opinions as you need, as a good doc would not be offended that you want more objective opinions).  Abdomen pain is usually not a cancer symptom.  The diagnostic tests are usually ultrasonography; endometrial biopsy, colposcopy, or dilatation and curettage with hysteroscopy to obtain tissue for histologic exam; testing for blood in stool; and vaginal and cervical specimen to test for infections.  This is a brief description of the cancer symptoms:CERVICAL CANCERVaginal spotting or heavier bleeding, usually after sex or douching, but can also occur spontaneously.  Persistent, pink-tinged, foul-smelling vaginal discharge and postcoital(after sex) pain.  As the cancer spreads, back and sciatic (nerves near the back of the hip) pain, leg swelling, anorexia, hematuria, dysuria, rectal bleeding.ENDOMETRIAL HYPERPLASIA/CANCERThin, brownish bleeding or bright red, profuse bleeding following sex or douching.  Bleeding progressively become heavier and more frequent, leading to clotting and anemia.  Pelvic, rectal, lower back and leg pains may accompany the bleeding,OVARIAN TUMORSCan also cause endometrial shedding and heavy bleeding unrelated to coitus or douching.  Palpable pelvic mass, increased cervical mucus, and/or breast enlargement may occur as well.VAGINAL CANCERA thin, watery vaginal discharge occurs before spotting or bleeding, which can be spontaneous, but usually after sex and/or douching.  There may be ulcerated vaginal lesion (looks like blisters); dyspareunia, urinary frequency, bladder and pelvic pain, rectal bleeding and vulvar lesions later.I hope this helps to ease your worries.  But do pay close attention to subsequent periods that might have similar type of clotting.  Write down the details, such as the size, how thick, the color, when does each period begin (regular or irregular pattern?), how long each period lasts, how long or how often each clotting occurs, and so on.  When necessary, bring that journal to your doc s attention.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4474
It s also possible that the lump you may have noticed could have been a lymph node which can enlarge if there s infection (giving an example only).  The only way to know for sure is to see a gynecologist for further evaluation of the situation to see what they think could be going on.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4475
You should talk to another dr.  My friend had a lump there and it was a fibroid.  Cervical cancer you cant feel ...its just starts growing, that s why u need regular paps.  Or it could be a hernia. Or it could be a lump of fat.  Thats why you need to see a dr. that specializes in female repro.  because they will probably know whats going on and give you an utrasound or something.  GP like to think they know everything about everything, but gyno s really DO know everything about repro. stuff!!

QUESTION ID: FEPB767LI16RGJF
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does our observation of a subject change it s state?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m totally new to the study of quantum physics, and I need an explanation of one of the basic principles.  I ve read many references to the fact that our observation of an item changes it s state, such as the scenario proposed in Schroedinger s Cat .  How exactly does observation of a subject change it s state?Ok, this is what I m taking from the current explanations.  Our observation of an object changes it s state from essentially an uncertain state to a certain state.  So if we observe the object it obtains a state of certainty.  How do we know that it had an uncertain state in the first place?  If we observe it in any way it s state becomes certain.  So we have no scientific basis to claim that it s state was ever uncertain.  If we try to observe the item to gain said evidence, it s state becomes certain.  At the end of the day, quantum mechanics is impossible to prove and has no practical application in physical reality.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10415
cause it can i dunno ur question is too long n i didnt read it so forget it
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13385
Newton s laws may help.For every action there is an opposite and equal reaction.In quantum work this is NO LONGER totally a law.To put it simply, for every action there is some type of reaction.There are basically two kinds of observation.  Passive and active.Passive takes a measurement of what is there and consums some of it.You put enough thermomenters into a patient at the same time and the temperature is going to drop as each new thermoment absorbes some heat.This is why the pack you in ice when you have 106 temperature.  So the ice absorbe some of that heat.A series of probes outside an excellerator capture radiation of a given particle, while those areas without the probes pass the radiation or reflect all of it back.So, the observation robbes some of the energy to take the readings.If you use active readings they you are sending out radiation that interacts with the particle.It would seem logical that in the universe of MATTER Newton s law holds.  Send a billiard ball into deep space at 10,000 MPH and if you photograph it or use radar on it none of that will have a major reactions.  The speed might eventually drop to 9,999.999999 and you can also attribute that to aether or free hydrogen.If you take an electron travelling at the speed of light and just look at it, you will absorbe some of it s radition, you will be a gravity well that alters it s direction minutely (your mass is far greater than its) and if you measure it you prevent radation from being evenly distributed in space.  You cause a hole in the radiationi patten.Put up enough sensors at the airport to measure sound waves from jet planes and eveutally they absorbe and reflect so much of this sound that they aren t needed anymore, because the sound level is now much lower than without these probes.If you observe the light from a star though a telescope you don t exeert much force on the star itself, but you are disturbing the distribution of light waves from the star to a small degree.You are also causing some to be reflected back into space at different angles due to the mirror or lens shape.Again, this is small compared to the star, but when it comes to a SINGLE photon of light, it becomes immense.It is said only about 80 to 90% of light passes through a telescope lens, the rest is reflected in all directions by all the lenses.Thus observing the light of a star causes a box of PHOTONS to fall into a tube and 90% of them focus into your eye and 10% of them scatter like rubber balls hitting a curved surface.Observing one of the photons thus changes it state.  It may lose 5% or 10% of it s photonic power to your passive device or get excited due to your active device.The amount of state change is probably proprotional to the relative mass and energy of the observer and the observee.If too many humans go outside tomorrow and start watching the SUN all day long from now on in, the sun could burn out maybe 1 second quicker than if no one looked up at at.Remember an Atomic Clock in space orbiting around the EArth only loses a faction of second from the duplicate clock on earth at rest. That s enough to prove a point of realtivity.If you have two mesuring probes and shoot and electron at a given speed and let no one observe it, then shoot another at a given speed and let 500 people observe it throught a window, if there is even a small measurement change it can indicated that those 500 people watching the electron caused the change.Finally, think of what we tend to call the side effects of an observation which requries tangible present of mass and energy.  We call the primary side effect:Interference.It s what happens to your broadcast TV set when your neighbor picks up his wireless phone and walks near your walls.You might hear a buzz or get a ghost image.A car outside might break up the picture and sound for a second.A jet plane 2 miles away might cause a color shift in the picture.This is because these tangible objects are interfering with the propgations of waves.If a jet can alter your TV picture from 3 miles away, you can alter an electron being only 100 feet away.If the theory of the aether is correct, then one  pebble thrown into the aether of near space could displace enough of the aether to eventually alter the fabric of space 5 light years away by a tiny fraction in a few millions real years.Of course I never took this in college, I just like to read and tinker with what ifs The problem is no one can explain easily. Even Einstein can t explain relativity in simple enough terms for dear old Granny to understand!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16930
Maybe, and maybe not.Anyway, I have to hand it to you because this is the first time I saw a science question as one of the featured questions.  Usually it s something like What s the best way to clean the ring out of my tub? 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32090
or how does it s state change our observation? Don t readily dismiss this. Are we observing its true state? As someone said, we see things not as they are but as we are.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32091
 DonSoze the first responder tried to introduce, to you the cat in the box scenario.The experiment is called Schordinger s Cat, after the professer who advanced this thought experement to illustrate the principle.What the experiment sugges is the opposite of what DonSoze indicates.  The cat s state, in the unopened box is that it is either alive or dead.  In other words. it is both alive and dead untilthe box is opened, allowing the observer to determine it s state.  The observer neither kills it nor brings it to life, but the observation settles the matter.I usually like to introduce another analogy.  In Blackjack, or 21, the Ace has the value of either one, or eleven.  In fact, until the hand is done, the Ace is BOTH one or eleven.  In commons strategy, the player does not make that determination until, at least, the third card is dealt.  It is only when the player announce that he will take no more that the value of the card is determined.  If the play decides, even in his mind, the value too early, he eliminates many possibilities, even winning ones.  If he assings the value too early, he make decisions, later in the hand, based on the perceived value.That is NOT a good strategy if the card s OTHER value is not considered. The Ace has BOTH values.The cat is alive AND dead.The position of any particular electron is not anyting until the observation is made.Light is BOTH a particle AND a wave until you take its measure.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32092
The whole Schroedinger s Cat thing sounds to me like the tree falling in the forest with nobody there to hear it. A silly philosophical question.Quantum mechanics may be strange, but it is useful. Transistors would never have been invented without it, since it is only quantum theory that explains how transistors work.The Heisenberg uncertainty principal says it is impossible to know both the position and momentum of a particle to better than a certain precision. The question is, does it HAVE an exact position and momentum, even if we can t know it. The answer is, no, it doesn t, because it isn t really a particle. It is a wave function. The only way to observe the wave is to touch it somehow. Either by bouncing another wave (light wave)  off of it or by touching it directly. The touching disturbs it from what its state was before you observed it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50525
I think you re smokin way too much, dude.  Life isn t that complicated. Just take it all in and enjoy...................mb

QUESTION ID: FEXLMU5GCH6BQFE
QUESTION SUBJECT: my sister has breast cancer infiltrating carsinoma and radical masectomy  done how long will she live?
QUESTION CONTENT: She has estrogen negative cancer and she has been advised 8 sittings of chemotheraphy and she is 47 years old and her right breast and few lymph nodes removed and one node is also affected.The size is 2.3 and one lymph node is affected and has been removed. It is not found anywhere else on her body.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85314
I had est. neg. breast cancer twice.  first time was 14 yrs ago and just had my second mastectomy 3 months ago.  The first  cancer had lymph nodes involved...stage 2.   I had 6 months of chemo and 32 treatments of radiation.  She could easly live a long full life!!  Chances are high she will get cancer in the remaining breast but it still dosent mean it would be a death sentence.  Always have yearly mamograms and self exam!! My second cancer was found stage 1 because of my yearly mamogram.  I am fine and have chosen to take hormone therapy only for this one.  I plan to live to have a long full life!  Dont worry!!  There are alot of excellent Dr s and treatments out there.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38283
Breast cancer most often involves glandular breast cells in the ducts or lobules. Most patients present with an asymptomatic lump discovered during examination or screening mammography. Diagnosis is confirmed by biopsy. Treatment usually includes surgical excision, often with radiation therapy and adjuvant systemic therapy.You have not stated the size of the tumor, whether it has spread to  axillary (armpit) lymph nodes or whetherthe tumor has penetrated outside the breast to the skin of the breast or of the chest wall or has spread to lymph nodes inside the chest wall along the sternum, etc.Even with aggressive and appropriate treatments, breast cancer often spreads (metastasizes) to other parts of the body such as the lungs, liver and bones. The recurrence rate is about 5% after total mastectomy and removing armpit lymph nodes when the nodes are found not to have cancer. The recurrence rate is 25% in those with similar treatment when the nodes have cancer.Please see the web pages for more details on Breast cancer.

QUESTION ID: FFCONH61M2MPGU0
QUESTION SUBJECT: why did japan invade nanjing in 1937-1938?
QUESTION CONTENT: i know what japan did to china but i don t know why so pls help me, thank you!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86339
We should know the nations which were in China was not only Japan. Need to study from the end of 1800 s.1.It was an era that Great Powers were struggling for hegemony in Asia since the end of 19th century.http://www.book-of-thoth.com/thebook/index.php/Image:China_imperialism_cartoon.jpghttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concession_%28territory%292. It was the era of imperialism for both Japan and western countries. Japan was expanding its territories as same as those western countries. 3. Japan won both Sino-Japan war (1895) and Russo-Japan war (1905).The US got a late start for this race because of the Civil War in the 19th century. Japan s success was a stimy and disgusting for both the European countries in Asia and the US. Harriman, the railway King, proposed Japan to develop railways network in Manchuria, China together with his ample funds. But Japan declined.4. There were anti-Japan movement in China except Manchuria.5. The US was supporting Chiang Kaishek s anti-Japan movement in China. 6. Shanghai Incident (January 28 Incident) occurred in 1932 and China and Japan had an armed conflicts. This was the starting point for the Nanjing.7. Marco Polo Bridge Incident and Battle of Shanghai occurred in 1937. Chiang Kai-shek decided to lead China into total war with Japan.8. Japan side assumed it was the era of Imperialism (colonialism) as same as other Western nations, and needed to protect the assets and capitals of Japanese which Japan had acquired and invested since early 1900 s.9. Chiang Kai-shek s military and Japanese army repeated armed conflicts. And Chiang Kai-shek faced defeat and moved back to the Nanjing city which was the temporal base of their government.10. Japan issued advance notice to attack Nanjing city. And the civilian ran into the Nanking Safety Zone which John Rabe established. The population of the zone was 200,000.11. Chiang Kai-shek ordered his military to battle with Japan but he got run away from the city sneakily.12. Chinese soldiers became disorganized and changed their uniform to the civilian s cloth (??????), and hide behind the civilian. Japan couldn t tell who was the Chinese soldiers (this is like the Iraq today).13. Japan army ordered to bring the men, exclude female and children, out of the safety zone.This is the history.And Chinese people always say Japan killed 300,000 people or more without any source. But the population was 200,000 then. If the 50% of the population was female and children, probably Japan army killed 100,000 men at maximum.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14310
Imperialism. The same reason the US invaded Iraq.They wanted Manchuria for its rich natural resources. Japan has very little natural resources of its own.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41672
Unlike the US, Japan had few natural resources. They invaded Nanjing to gain control of the Chinese resources and control the Chinese people, to use as slave labor for their military machine, something they had tried to do for hundreds of years. You must remember that Japan had been a military state for hundreds of years, through the feudal system and into the modern military power. They have tried to control China, Korea, Viet Nam and surrounding countries because they believed that their emperor was a god, and that their little island was his sacred ground. Also unlike the US, Japan was not fighting people who had attacked her soil or trained terrorist who did. China was not mutilating her people in mass, or butchering her people by the hundreds. That became Japans self appointed job. To rape and murder the women of China, to butcher and EAT the people of China. I fail to see the similarity between Japan and the US as one answerer has. I will predict that the person who made that claim lives in a country that has received, is receiving or will receive US Dollars. I personally believe that the US has wasted money on many of the third world countries. They should have been giving the money to friends instead of the backwards folks who try to eat the money because they have no education and think that they can rid themselves of AIDS by raping virgins...Or goats...

QUESTION ID: FFK0C0X2HNXCIMO
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to make a submarine with basic electrical tools?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 28838
LOL!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2103
This was done with four subs on Scrapheap Challenge (qv)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3470
First of all you dont even need electrical tools to do it and dont forget it make wings for it for it to glide in the water... To do that.... Just build any ship that floats on water. Attach a small weight at the back of the Ship so that if you push it inside the water and let go of it, its nose comes out of the surface first. (can use even a small bottle of air to make it float(but not soo much air). Make sure it floats.. then just attach some sugar cubes using glue.. (try to keep the cube in front so that when it dives it moves face down... Now attach any weight to the sugar cube big enough to pull it down and bigger than the weight at the back of the ship. (can use more than 1 cube)Now your set just let it in the water... first it ll sink cos of the weight in the front. Because of the load in the front it tilts forward and cos of the winds it glides forward. then the sugar melts in the water and then the weight in the front falls off and it comes up. Cos of the load at the back it tilts back and again cos of the wings it glides forward.Ok Now if you wanna go all complicated using electrical stuff... Take a small air pump(A REALLY SLOW PUMPIN ONE... You dont want an explosion) best is get a DC motored pump and send a low powera bottle(or any strong container) that can hold air. This time make the ship heavier so that it can sink. attach the bottle to your ship....suck the air out of the bottle and your ship must sink.... Pump in air and it must float. You gotta use alot of trial and errors till you get it  just perfect...Oh yea you gotta attach a hose to the bottle and the pump sits next to you to operate.Dont create an explosion. Too much air and it ll become a rocket or a bomb.Play safe....Personally i d stick to the sugar cubes... hehe
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61498
Very simple, but it depends what you want the submarine to do.There was an episode of Last of the summer wine where they made a submarine out of a couple of oil drums welded together. Use an electric angle grinder to take the bottom of 2 oil drums and then an electric welder to weld the 2 halfs together. Thats your basic submarine. To make it sink you need some ballast, you can do that by putting rocks in before you weld it shut. To make it rice again though you need to weld in a tank that you can fill with water and add a pump that you can pump the water out again with.This makes the project more complicated (things like is it going to carry its own power supply or have an umbilical to the surface)Then you might like to add a capability to have it able to move on its own power - again adding complications - getting power there, steering, controling the speed, siguring out where it is goingThen you might like to make it suitable for people to ride in it - lots of complications mainly about not killing them and getting them in and outIts really quite easy to make the basic model, and then how complicated you want it

QUESTION ID: FG7ABIZB4QT1J52
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I tell my girlfriend that I m dieing?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have thyroid cancer and it s spread. There s nothing really that doctors can do for me. I keep telling my girlfriend that I m going to be ok though I know that I m not. I need help on how to tell her.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36956
Google Budwig diet and Vitamin B-17 .  You have nothing to lose.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36957
Any interest in alternative remedies... ? Nothing so crazy as going to Mexico or Lourdes, by any means, but just a little old-fashioned supplementation.There s a pretty clean-cut line between believers and non-believers on this board, so much to the point that people go around giving thumbs-down to anyone who makes the merest mention of alternative therapy.With that said, I fully expect to be innundated.  That s fine.  It s not going to hurt my feelings any.But, please read this:  I m not telling anyone to go off their chemo, or to forego surgery and suck down green tea.  But if Western medicine has failed, and they re offering you no other options... what s to stop you from giving it a shot?  It s certainly not going to HURT anything.And, with that said, I m not peddling magic tea or anything of that sort.  I m not going to suggest any name brands, because I m not getting any sort of kickback for this.  I m just someone like your girlfriend, who was losing someone very close to her that she loved very much... who happened to do a HECK of a lot of research on the subject of alternative medicine while said loved one was in the hospital.I wish I had a success story to share with you, but unfortunately, he passed away in the hospital, and never got a chance to come home.  But I feel like I learned everything that I did for a reason, and don t want my knowledge to go to waste.With that said, I ve become such a believer that I myself am taking cancer-fighting doses of the supplements I believe to help every day, simply as a preventative.   My body has loved me for it so far... and I ve noticed a drastic decline in my sick-time and a huge increase in energy.  While that s by no means indicativethat it might cure cancer, it s certainly a testament to the fact that it s helped repair my body.If you re interested, I would start with chlorella and spirulina, the green superfoods.  They re a FOOD source, so they re not going to have side effects or interactions like herbal supplements would.Here s what I read that got me so excited about superfoods:http://www.truthpublishing.com/superfoods.htmlIt s a free downloadable PDF.  No strings attached.Please know that I haven t just pasted this all from somewhere; I m truly writing this from my heart in hopes that it might help someone... in hopes that someone else might not have to suffer.This isn t just about money... I know the naysayers claim that this is just about companies trying to get rich, but a month s supply of green superfood powder costs somewhere around $30.  It s packed with nutrients that will help heal your body, regardless of whether you have cancer or not.  There s certainly nothing wrong with it.I ll add my little disclaimer; if you re taking other medications, certainly discuss anything you might consider doing with a medical professional, as side effects are possible with some supplements.Take care.  Talk to your girlfriend about it... see what she thinks.

QUESTION ID: FH6PRE50VU1F1P6
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can fruits help cancer patients?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86494
Fruits&veggies help everybody, not just cancer patients. For cancer patients, they contain chemicals that :-may help fight cancer-may help protect normal cells from chemo/radiotherapy toxicityThe latter is based on very recent research on the effects of antioxidants on the efficiency of chemotherapy. It was thought that the efficiency of some chemo agents would be reduced by the intake of antioxidants. The preliminary results would rather hint that chemo and antioxidants seem to act synergically:Impact of antioxidant supplementation on chemotherapeutic efficacy: A systematic review of the evidence from randomized controlled trials.Cancer Treat Rev. 2007 Mar 14This is recent research, and more studies would be needed to see if indeed antioxidants are beneficial to patients undergoing chemotherapy.However I do not believe that any fruit cure by itself can cure a cancer case. The chemicals they contain do help, but they are often present in a concentration that is too low to have a noticeable effect on a tumor, and will become toxic (like chemo...) when used in sufficient concentration to induce tumor regression. Its not because something is natural that its necessarily non-toxic... After all, venoms and paclitaxel (achemo agent) are natural compounds...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42287
Through the proper combination and ingestion of fruits (and vegetables) which contain a number of key phytonutrients. It is these phytonutrients which reduce and neutralize the oxidative stress caused by free radicals bombarding our chromosomes. Stay focused,AAP; Certified Nutritionistapuzyr@yahoo.com

QUESTION ID: FJ3KTFNAZHSCMD8
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does cigarette smoking can lead to hypertension?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 47169
Inhalation of tobacco smoke causes several immediate responses within the heart and blood vessels. Within one minute the heart rate begins to rise, increasing by as much as 30 percent during the first 10 minutes of smoking. Carbon monoxide in tobacco smoke exerts its negative effects by reducing the blood???s ability to carry oxygen.Smoking tends to increase blood cholesterol levels. Furthermore, the ratio of high-density lipoprotein (the ???good??? cholesterol) to low-density lipoprotein (the ???bad??? cholesterol) tends to be lower in smokers compared to non-smokers. Smoking also raises the levels of fibrinogen and increases platelet production (both involved in blood clotting) which makes the blood viscous. Carbon monoxide binds to haemoglobin (the oxygen-carrying component in red blood cells), resulting in a much stabler complex than haemoglobin bound with oxygen or carbon dioxide--the result is permanent loss of blood cell functionality. Blood cells are naturally recycled after a certain period of time, allowing for the creation of new, functional erythrocytes. However, if carbon monoxide exposure reaches a certain point before they can be recycled, hypoxia (and later death) occurs. All these factors make smokers more at risk of developing various forms of arteriosclerosis. As the arteriosclerosis progresses, blood flows less easily through rigid and narrowed blood vessels, making the blood more likely to form a thrombosis (clot). Sudden blockage of a blood vessel may lead to an infarction (e.g. stroke). However, it is also worth noting that the effects of smoking on the heart may be more subtle. These conditions may develop gradually given the smoking-healing cycle (the human body heals itself between periods of smoking), and therefore a smoker may develop less significant disorders such as worsening or maintenance of unpleasant dermatological conditions, e.g. eczema, due to reduced blood supply. Smoking also increases blood pressure and weakens blood vessels.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13196
Nicotine, and most probably other chemicals and free radicals, in cigarette smoke irritate the endotheliium, the lining of your arteries. This will cause an inflammation response. This is an actual cause of atherosclerosis. As this process continues a buildup of lipids and cholesterol will deposit at the injury site. This plaque can then restrict blood flow through the arteries, thus causing a rise in blood pressure.Cigarette smoking is a true cause of atherosclerosis, as it actually initiates the process
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47170
It constricts the blood vessels, making the hearthave to beat harder  to push the blood though the smaller vessels.Its with any Tobacco product, not just cigs. So smokeless tobacco is just as bad (if not worse... ).

QUESTION ID: FK51UQ2PI65PM5I
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do Pharmaceutical companies donate tens of millions of dollars to the AHA every year.?
QUESTION CONTENT: Is It to;A: Ensure AHA policy always involves promotion of their products and pushing theories that support the use of their products?B: Ensure that AHA policy promotes dietry advice that ensure an ongoing need for their products?C: To ensure that AHA policy promotes diet and lifestyle choices that make their products unnecesesary, thus causing a big decline in profits and dividends to shareholders?Harmony, I was wondering if you were going to come rushing to the defence of your brothers in arms. Your answer appears to be a long winded way of saying A.Pharmaceutical companies fund research and expect favourable results. You have basically admitted this.A study published  in 2004 confirms this. 100% of pharmaceutical company funded stuties were of apositive result to their products. That means every drug developed  has worked as stated, with no side effects. Thats not the world that i live in.http://www.sciencedirect.com/science?_ob=ArticleURL&_udi=B6TDC-4F07W4H-5&_user=10&_coverDate=12%2F01%2F2004&_alid=598674739&_rdoc=2&_fmt=summary&_orig=search&_cdi=5195&_sort=d&_docanchor=&view=c&_ct=2&_acct=C000050221&_version=1&_urlVersion=0&_userid=10&md5=94f22dce76e503cc6b1eab29b8ba1545This sort of inflence is not restricted to USA eitherhttp://www.bmj.com/cgi/content/full/330/7496/0-gWhat I would prefer, Harmony, is for goverments to do what they are elected to do, and that is look after the people. Maybe they could redirect a small portion of the money spent on illegal wars to fund studies that are truly independant. The reults then would be more reliable, and most probably with less emphasis on drugs and more on diet and lifestyle.But then again, as you well know, the sickness industry is a big spinner for the economy.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 44907
Much as I hate to break into this beat up the drug companies question and answer session I would like to put in my 2 cents worth.Pharmaceutical companies devote 22% of their profits to medical research and fund ~80% of all medical research.  The remaining 20% of funding comes from the government and universities.Naturally they expect a return on their money if they manage to develop the next great cure for Alzhemiers/Heart Disease/Diabetes/etc.  But what industry could devote that much money without an expected benefit?If you want them to stop funding reasearch where is the money going to come from?  Do you want to increase taxes to pay for it?  Or are you satisfied with where health care is now?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55653
The first two.I am glad you are exposing this to the public wise owl.Razwell
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87273
Money doesn t talk, it screams!Follow the money and you will expose the agenda.  Pharmaceutical companies also spend huge amounts of money on the FDA.  Imagine all the waste of money that is subsidized by the Federal Government and then imagine if that money was redirected toward fixing our farming issues and giving the American public quality food instead of promoting food grown on depleted, unfertile soils and supporting the chemical companies that are poisoning the world with their garbage.  What a difference it could make in the health of this country.There s only one reason Pharmaceutical companies donate any money to anything; to promote profit in their company.  It is certainly not to promote health to customers.It makes me sick to my stomach when people say drug companies are looking for a cure to a disease with their drugs.  Name one cure they have found, just one.  Look at the One Billion Dollars given to Jerry s kids.  One billion dollars did not find a cure, because drugs are not a cure.  Drugs are chemical activators, not nutrients.  Drugs promote more drugs.  If the same billion dollars had been spent on making our soils fertile again, getting rid of insecticide, hormone laced, foods and creating quality foods instead of the empty garbage being promoted for HUGE profits instead of health, what this country would be talking about.  Certainly not a health care crisis.No wonder 75% of all Americans die of heart disease, 30% are OBESE, 70% overweight, 1 in 7 women now get breast cancer, and 1 in 150 children are Autistic.  Yet, unbelievable as it seems, more money is being poured into drug companies and we are now ranking 24th in longevity among the other countries in the world.  Amazing.

QUESTION ID: FKMNCTZ45MCDN3R
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do bottles of wine not get crushed by the weight of the ocean when they rest miles below the surface?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73500
water, and most liquids including wine, are often called incompressible fluids .  this means that you can increase the pressure underwater by a large amount, and the volume won t change (much - it does, but only very very slightly).  compare this to air or gas, which you can easily compress into a smaller volume by increasing the pressure.now, what causes cans to crush and bottles to break is a pressure DIFFERENCE.  this means that there is a greater pressure (and hence, greater force) inside the bottle (explosion) or outside the bottle (implosion).  when a bottle of wine is underwater, the pressure from the seawater pushes inwards on the glass bottle, which in turn pushes inwards on the wine.  since the wine is mostly incompressible too, that means it will push back on the bottle, and the pressure will equalize.  it s basically the equivalent of taking an open bottle underwater, and then putting the cap on.  what you have then is just like your wine bottle.(also, wine bottles are pretty thick, and glass is stronger than you think, especially in that shape and when subject to compressive forces that are evenly distributed.  this explains why they don t burst around that little bit of air in the bottle.)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88282
Because they are full of wine - the liquid on the inside is sufficient to keep the liquid on the outside from crushing it. It equalizes the pressure.

QUESTION ID: FKZW78ID8SNFFI2
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the biggest argument against homeschooling the socialization factor?
QUESTION CONTENT: Now, I m not going to debate whether or not a homeschooling child gets adequate socialization.  That s not my intention here.  But I m curious why this is--for so many--the number one argument against this type of schooling?  Not that socialization isn t important but why isn t the quality of the education being received more of an issue or concern where homeschooling is concerned?  Shouldn t the number one issue be what and how much the child is learning and not the number of friends he or she has?There s a lot of good answers here...thank you to all those who answered with an open heart and mind!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34552
I suspect it s because social skills are such a huge focus in school. There s so much time spent on character education and learning what to do about bullying and all kinds of other things. I m thinking the perception is that school is where the main social skills instruction and practice takes place. Of course, too many don t seem to stop and ask themselves, Does this instruction need to take place in schools because of the school environment itself? A second suspicion is that it s just a knee-jerk reaction and since they can t claim how much the child is learning as a problem, they have to have something to cling to.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51541
Well, I certainly think the level of education should be the main focus, but when ever I get questioned by someone about homeschooling it boils down to two things:are you qualified to teach your children what about friendsUsually the first comment is laid to rest quite quickly when I explain that, first, in my state you do not need to be a degreed teacher to teach your own children. Then I explain:I am college educatedmost, not all but most, school teachers do not hold degrees in the subject they teach, and most, if not all elementary teachers do not hold degrees in all the subjects they teachhomeschool books are written differently than ps books, as they are written to facilitate either self learning or teaching at home.Most, not all, but most hs programs are advanced over the ps programs, and most, not all but most hs kids test out above grade level.for example, I have a friend who s 9th grader is taking physics. Not because he is a genius but because he has been working at an advanced pace since kindergarten.When I mention those things, I usually never get another comment from that person on the subject of qualifications.But the socialization card? Gets played repeatedly. your depriving your child, they won t be normal, they don t have opportunities, you re not being fair, they will be damaged.My personal opinion? I mean since you asked?The focus remains on the social card because most people do not want to take a hard look at the public education system in the US.Standard testing is continually being revamped and changed to make it easier for kids to pass? Why? Most states link funding to test performance, kids don t pass, schools don t get paid.Why aren t the kids passing? Teachers are bogged down with paper work, jumping through hoops, special programs, and are continually be restricted from being able to maintain peace and order in their classrooms. More and more schools are only able to teach to the middle kids, while the upper group and the lower group are being left out.Also, a lot of people simply do not understand home education therefore they parrot what they ve heard around them.I read a comment from a retired teacher (of 30 yrs) on here that said that hs was a relatively new thing that has not been proven. At first, I was rolling on the floor, but then I realized that he had done absolutely no research in to the subject at all. Home education has been around as long as people have been around. So funny, but so sad at the same time.I know that s a bit of a ramble, but my answer is that people focus on the easiest thing to fight about, while all along completely ignoring the increasing problems of our public education system.It is also interesting that there is so much misinformation about the role of public education by those that participate in it. The ps system was created for education and socialization? Soooo funny. It was not. It was created to train a work force. The comment about keeping everyone on the same level is right on target. That seems to be the underlying problem. HS kids are not being taught to conform, they are being taught to think for themselves.

QUESTION ID: FMTBQLAXUQSNV11
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to use the sum and difference identities to write an expression as the sin, cos, or tangent of an angle?
QUESTION CONTENT: tan 140 degrees - tan 60 degrees / 1 + tan 140 degrees tan 60 degrees
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2533
Summation Identities are:sin(A + B) = sinAcosB + cosAsinBcos(A + B) = cosAcosB - sinAsinBtan (A + B) = [tanA + tanB]/[1 - tanAtanB]Difference Identities are: sin(A - B) = sinAcosB - cosAsinBcos(A - B) = cosAcosB + sinAsinBtan (A - B) = [tanA - tanB]/[1 + tanAtanB].These are used to find the values of trigonometric ratios of sum (A + B), or difference (A - B), of the angles when trigonometric ratios of A&B are given or known. These are also used to establish many more trigonometric identities.If we put B = A in summation identities we obtain identities of double the angle 2A in terms of those of angle A. For example:sin(2A) = 2sinAcosA cos(2A) = cos??A - sin??A = 2cos??A - 1 = 1 - 2sin??Atan (2A) = 2tanA/[1 - tan??A]. Similarly, we reuse above, to obtain trigonometric identities for angle 3A, 4A, 5A ...in terms of those of angle A etc. etc.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2534
Since we have the tangent difference formula:tan (x - y) = (tan x - tan y)/(1 + tan x tan y)We see that:(tan 140?? - tan 60??)/(1 + tan 140?? tan 60??) = tan (140??-60??) = tan 120?? = -???3And we are done.

QUESTION ID: FNWYK815HI5NO1C
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why Is Congestive Heart Failure Treated Differently In Black Persons Compared To White Persons?
QUESTION CONTENT: I recently learned this from ck1956. Why is it and how it?This surprises me. Or is this false?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 615
No white person was person was present in that study. The study was terminated. Hence the question of comparison does not arise.Here is a part of extract of the link given above:Methods A total of 1050 black patients who had New York Heart Association class III or IV heart failure with dilated ventricles were randomly assigned to receive a fixed dose of isosorbide dinitrate plus hydralazine or placebo in addition to standard therapy for heart failure. The primary end point was a composite score made up of weighted values for death from any cause, a first hospitalization for heart failure, and change in the quality of life.Results The study was terminated early owing to a significantly higher mortality rate in the placebo group than in the group given isosorbide dinitrate plus hydralazine (10.2 percent vs. 6.2 percent, P=0.02). The mean primary composite score was significantly better in the group given isosorbide dinitrate plus hydralazine than in the placebo group (???0.1??1.9 vs. ???0.5??2.0, P=0.01; range of possible values, ???6 to +2), as were its individual components (43 percent reduction in the rate of death from any cause [hazard ratio, 0.57; P=0.01]33 percent relative reduction in the rate of first hospitalization for heart failure [16.4 percent vs. 22.4 percent, P=0.001], and an improvement in the quality of life [change in score, ???5.6??20.6 vs. ???2.7??21.2, with lower scores indicating better quality of life; P=0.02; range of possible values, 0 to 105]).I hope you go the link and study carefully.FALSE. people are fond of doing such vague studies, appears to more political, than any benefit to mankind.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 616
Caucasians with CHF are usually treated with drugs such as lisinopril or diovan, that target the production and uptake of an enzyme called ACE .It s been known for some time that African Americans with hypertension don t respond well to the above drugs. Here s a link to an article in the New England Journal of Medicine...

QUESTION ID: FOIE25AD62MRJAK
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can i control my sleep?
QUESTION CONTENT: I like to sleep a lot. Sometimes i sleep for 10+ hours in a day. Some people say its not healthy. Is there any way for me to control my sleep?thanks for your info sir, to provide more info, I am 19 years old. But, usually while sleeping, I have these dreams, and i can t seem to get out of them easily.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77270
Ok, without getting a full history beyond I sleep 10+ hours a day , there may or may not be a health issue here. Although the appropriate amount of sleep is widely accepted to be an AVERAGE of about 8 hours; there are clearly individual differences among people in what their sleep need is.Beyond the individual differences, there are also age related need... babies will sleep much of the day, where as the elderly will need a bit less than the average adult. Children and teens will need a bit more than the average adult (although teens will often not get it due to poor sleep habits).Now, all that being said, you may indeed have a sleep disorder with 10+ hours of sleep. That is quite a bit for someone who typed at least 3 sentences with proper grammer and syntax. There are some non-respiratory (the most common sleep disorder is Obstructive Sleep Apnea) that can cause people to sleep all the time and teen years is whenthey tend to show up. Narcolepsy and Klein Levens comes to mind, but they are rather rare, and the cataplexy (sudden loss of muscle tone resulting in collapse) that is associated with narcolepsy isn t something that is easily overlooked. If you find that you snore when you sleep, then obstructive sleep apnea is a possibility; indicating that you may be breathing poorly (or not at all) through the night disrupting your sleep and requiring you to stay in bed tring to catch up longer. When apneics wake up hundreds of times a night to breath, they don t actually remember it generally.Additionally, poor sleep hygeine can add to the amount of sleep you end up trying to get. If you have a poor sleep schedule (changing get up and go to bed times often), work out close to bedtime, drink caffeine late, have TV or radio on at bedtime, read in bed, etc... then you may not be getting very good sleep, and therefore needing more sleep.NOW, with all those possiblilities thrown out, there are still more I haven t mentioned. The best thing to do is seek out a sleep disorders center in your area (they are everywhere) and get a referal from your primary care physician and have a sleep study done to determine if indeed you have a problem that may be a health risk to you. These are easy tests really, you will come into a lab before bed, they will attach a couple dozen wires to you with a little glue and you ll sleep overnight while being monitored, if narcolepsy is suspected then you may do some nap studies through the day also. When its all done, a sleep specialist will review the results with you determining if you do or do not have a sleep disorder. Good Luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25837
Hey.  What Cronides said is all fine. You are 19- you re still young.  Without seeing you, I couldn t say for sure if you are normal or not. Are you overweight at all?  I used to sleep that long, also. Not everyone can just wake up and go with only 5 hours of sleep. Everyone s internal clock is different.  I would talk to your doctor. What harm could a sleep study do ya??  There are no needles involved.. basically you get hooked up to goofy wires that are either glued or pasted to you!  You would have some on your head, a few on your chin and a few by your eyes. There are two wires that go on your calves, and two on the front of your shoulders for your heartbeat.  You ll have a finger probe that rests on your finger to moniter your oxygen levels at night.   I think you ll be fine.  Try waking up the SAME time EVERY day no matter WHAT time you went to bed the night before!  If you have a set schedule, your body will adapt, and you may find that you need less sleep.  Again.. it s hard to say if you are fine, or not, without knowing some more history, and such.  Don t sweat it.  :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30541
BE ADDICTED TO YAHOO ANSWERS YOU WILL LOSSE YOUR HABIT OF SLEEPING
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48642
By using your mobile or watch Alarm!

QUESTION ID: FOVC1A68ZDPE8PA
QUESTION SUBJECT: I have Just purchased a de-activated Mauser K98 and want to know how to remove cleaning rod / bolt etc.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4545
Where are you-England? New York City? Some place that apparently doesn t allow functioning fire arms. Basic k98 bolt removal is lift bolt and pull back while  pulling left rear retaining catch at side of receiver  out so bolt can slide out of receiver.  have seen a few deactivated rifles at gun shows from Washington DC and New York City, Chicago that had holes drilled through barrel chamber, welds in barrel, welds in bolt at firing pin area- were decorators that didn t require paperwork that a functioning gun would need.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63080
why the hell would anyone de-activate a living peice of history?  That s like whipping out your cellphone and clicking a quick pic of the Mona Lisa then throwing the real one in the trash, cuz now you got the digital one!Here s how you remove the bolt. First, find the guy who sold you that deactivated gun, shove gun up his (censored) and get your money back. Tell him to knock off ruining a rare bit of history.  Second, go to AIM surplus, SOG, buy a copy of Shotgun News, etc, and get yourself a real, functional Mauser K98.  During the Seige of Stalingrad (real life event, depicted in movie Enemy at the Gates and in video game Call of Duty United Offensive) the Russain troops were very short on guns, so when they finally beat the Germans, they took the german guns and wharehoused them. Now, 50 years later, the Russians and some of the countries that seperated from the ex USSR are now selling these actual 98K for approximately $200 USD
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71441
I am unclear as to what a de-activated K98 is?  The simple thing to do is visit your local gun shop and find out who the local Mauser affecectinado is and pay him/her a visit for a hands on demo of how to .

QUESTION ID: FOWZN14E26KDQIB
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can we preserve a bony fish???
QUESTION CONTENT: help..,plssss....,.,
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2102
Well, if it s the whole animal, you can use formalin for initial fixation.The formaldehyde for fixation is usually a 10% dilution of the commercially available fluid (formalin), but if it is a large specimen, it s best to first use undiluted formalin to inject the fish in the abdominal cavity and the more fleshy parts (tail, dorsum, etc) to make sure those tissues don t decay. Then submerge the entire animal in the 10% solution and leave it for a few days.Important note: formalin fixation will make all the tissues stiff, so make sure that the animal is in a large container so that it s not bent or in a weird position during this process... otherwise you ll end up with a strange-looking specimen!Another important note: formalin fumes are toxic! make sure you don t inhale them, and that the formaldehyde doesn t touch your skin, especially around the eyes, mouth, nose, etc.Once the animal is ready, transfer it into 70% alcohol (7 parts of commercially available ethanol + 3 parts water). Don t use undiluted (96%) alcohol or the fish will dehydrate.If you re planning to preserve the skeleton only, you ll have to carefully clean all the flesh away. The trunk and tail are relatively easy, but the head can be quite tricky, because bony fish have a lot of small bones on their heads that will be difficult to reassemble if you re not very careful and note where each one was located.**********EDIT: Sorry if my using 2 names made it confusing. Formalin is commercially available formaldehyde, it is a 40% dissolution. This formalin is what should be further diluted to 10%.I ve edited my answer to make this clearer, I hope.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8022
You could take the fish to a taxidermist.  If it is a small whole fish you can preserve it in alcohol, must be 90% or more soluntion.  If it is a large fish you ll need to preserve it in a formalin soluntion, NOT formaldehyde, and the concentration of formalin should be 40%.

QUESTION ID: FPBJ44VBHIWA7F0
QUESTION SUBJECT: how many different weather climates are there?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 62730
There are 6 Climate zone They are A - Tropical ClimatesTropical moist climates extend north and south from the equator to about 15?? to 25?? latitude. In these climates all months have average temperatures greater than 64??F (18??C) and annual precipitation greater than 59 . B - Dry ClimatesThe most obvious climatic feature of this climate is that potential evaporation and transpiration exceed precipitation. These climates extend from 20??-35?? North and South of the equator and in large continental regions of the mid-latitudes often surrounded by mountains. C - Moist Subtropical Mid-Latitude ClimatesThis climate generally has warm and humid summers with mild winters. Its extent is from 30??50?? of latitude mainly on the eastern and western borders of most continents. During the winter, the main weather feature is the mid-latitude cyclone. Convective thunderstorms dominate summer months. D - Moist Continental Mid-latitude ClimatesMoist continental mid-latitude climates have warm to cool summers and cold winters. The location of these climates is poleward of the C climates. The average temperature of the warmest month is greater than 50??F (10??C), while the coldest month is less than -22??F (-30??C). Winters are severe with snowstorms,strong winds, and bitter cold from Continental Polar or Arctic air masses. E - Polar ClimatesPolar climates have year-round cold temperatures with the warmest month less than 50??F (10??C). Polar climates are found on the northern coastal areas of North America, Europe, Asia, and on the landmasses of Greenland and Antarctica. H - HighlandsUnique climates based on their elevation. Highland climates occur in mountainous terrain where rapid elevation changes cause rapid climatic changes over short distances.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28688
A lot.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72517
Tropical,subtropical, temperate, polar,  mediterranean, arid, semi-arid, coastal, mountain, microclimate etc are some of the types of climates.

QUESTION ID: FPLUPOAE5X78T2H
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many dimensions are we really able to perceive?
QUESTION CONTENT: Some scientists talk about our ???4 dimensions??? in space and time, but only studied people in that field have some idea of what that means. If you ask a 15-year-old, in a simple answer he/she will say: ???three???. Are there more dimensions beyond our understanding?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74541
Classical physics theories describe three physical dimensions: from a particular point in space, the basic directions in which we can move are up/down, left/right, and forward/backward. Movement in any other direction can be expressed in terms of just these three.Time is often referred to as the fourth dimension . It is, in essence, one way to measure physical change. It is perceived differently from the three spatial dimensions in that there is only one of it, and that movement seems to occur at a fixed rate and in one direction. The equations used by physics to model reality often do not treat time in the same way that humans perceive it.Theories such as string theory predict that the space we live in has in fact many more dimensions (frequently 10, 11 or 26), but that the universe measured along these additional dimensions is subatomic in size. As a result, we perceive only the three spatial dimensions that have macroscopic size.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23221
I hope there are more to percieve and we re able to do it.  I was reading about movement in a Quark being possible affected by something we can t detect and some say proof of another dimension.  I m no expert about it at all but I m watching your question.  Leave it up overnight at least and see if you get some good answers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23222
our 4 dimentions refer to the three spacial dimentions that you re talking about plus a fourth which is time.  It s cool to look at the spacial dimentions and time together in one diagram, such as the earth revolving around the sun.  It actually looks like a solid line(the sun) with something spiraling around it (the earth rotating) the sun stays in the same place over time while the earth makes circles, but it looks like a helix because it s revolving around the straight line of the sun over time.these are the 4 we can perceive, whether we re scientists or a 15-year-old. as far as more dimentions beyond our understanding, there are none that are known for absolute certainty.  However, in string-theory, which is currently gaining in popularity, there are actually 11 total dimensions.  The concepts are difficult to grasp where there are more than 3 spacial dimentions, but the theory is mainly attempting to unify a bunch of theories in physics which can t be unified yet.  It involves dimentions looped within our own, it s really odd.  If you were really interested, I would recommend The Elegant Universe by Brian Greene.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23223
Now imagine that u could be in several places at once, observing a certain object or observing several objects. How many dimensions would be experienced? An infinite number. Your reality is only created by what the brain is able to absorb in terms of physical stimuli and/or sensations. A second is relatively short in human terms, but if u could freeze the moment and stay there for ages without having time limits and explore your environment, detail would become intense and microscopic, and perhaps overpower the human mind because of the natural safety barrier that the mind has created. You could also try to break up this tiny (a human concept) second into pictures and then go through all of them. There would be an infinite number of pictures and it would take infinite earth time to study these pictures. Perhaps this second that you experience right now, is just one of those infinite pictures, thus creating a realm within a realm. It s becomes a relative concept. The human mind draws a conclusion after having examined all these pix and converts it into a second of our time and reality and dimensions as we know it. Perhaps, at this point in infinity, humans should be classified as a primitive life form, not being able to cope with identifying or converting several dimensions into an a new, but unknown, realm. To further confuse you, and myself, at some point the future becomes the present and moves on to the past. But it s all one. To make things practical. Stay in the moment, because this is the only dimension where you can exert yourself.

QUESTION ID: FQJHER7IFJ7ZQ40
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do most of the galaxies form spiral shape?
QUESTION CONTENT: Any thoughts and reference material is welcome.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74939
Conservation of angular momentum.  The odds are that anything being sucked into the center of the galaxy by the collective effect of gravity was moving with some degree of momentum not directly aimed at the center.  This would make it spiral inwards, as the angular momentum is conserved.  The closer it gets to the center, the faster it will rotate to preserve said momentum.  The aggregate direction of the angular momentum will sweep up the exceptions to the rule--the notion of a homogenous mass of uniform angular momentum would be statistically anamolous, and the result of a heterogeous mass with such angular momentum would be a spiral--any randon star between the arms of the spiral would be drawn towards the nearest arm, rather than toward the center of the galaxy, and this reinforces the effect.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23682
Summary - (Jan 17, 2005) Most large galaxies have the familiar spiral shaped disc surrounding a central bulge. But when and how do these galaxies take on their characteristic shape? New observations from the European Space Agency surveying 195 galaxies have given astronomers some clues. They ve theorized that large galaxies go through a process called spiral galaxy rebuilding , where galaxies collide, merge, and then begin a period of furious star formation. Part of the gas that didn t fall in rebuilds a disc around the galactic core creating a new spiral galaxy. This process could be repeated many times, building up the galaxy over billions of years.Full Story - Most present-day large galaxies are spirals, presenting a disc surrounding a central bulge. Famous examples are our own Milky Way or the Andromeda Galaxy. When and how did these spiral galaxies form? Why do a great majority of them present a massive central bulge?An international team of astronomers [1]presents new convincing answers to these fundamental questions. For this, they rely on an extensive dataset of observations of galaxies taken with several space- and ground-based telescopes. In particular, they used over a two-year period, several instruments on ESO s Very Large Telescope.Among others, their observations reveal that roughly half of the present-day stars were formed in the period between 8,000 million and 4,000 million years ago, mostly in episodic burst of intense star formation occurring in Luminous Infrared Galaxies.From this and other evidence, the astronomers devised an innovative scenario, dubbed the spiral rebuilding . They claim that most present-day spiral galaxies are the results of one or several merger events. If confirmed, this new scenario could revolutionise the way astronomers think galaxies formed.

QUESTION ID: FSMCU37TJ1YMKA7
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76895
STOP IT!!!10th today
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25514
space is black the sun is white    black marker in water turns dark blueade white it makes blue that the best way to discribe it. and the guy above me got that from atheiry cite that i have seen!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25515
didnt u see that comercial.. where a lil girl asks daddy why is the sky blue?.. its cause blue is the shortest wave lenght and its shows more often
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70713
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground.  If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71911
Because God made it that way.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76896
The blue color of the sky is due to Rayleigh scattering. As light moves through the atmosphere, most of the longer wavelengths pass straight through. Little of the red, orange and yellow light is affected by the air.However, much of the shorter wavelength light is absorbed by the gas molecules. The absorbed blue light is then radiated in different directions. It gets scattered all around the sky. Whichever direction you look, some of this scattered blue light reaches you. Since you see the blue light from everywhere overhead, the sky looks blue.Blue sky from scattered lightAs you look closer to the horizon, the sky appears much paler in color. To reach you, the scattered blue light must pass through more air. Some of it gets scattered away again in other directions. Less blue light reaches your eyes. The color of the sky near the horizon appears paler or white.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88509
IT IS? just kidding

QUESTION ID: FTB6FFOOMLH7RJ4
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does the days in the Georgian Calendar differ with the dates every year?? The traditional Chinese one isnt
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 22575
The traditional Chinese calendar does not contain ???weeks???. In ancient China government officials enjoyed a day off for every ten days. The week system was introduced into China, I guess, only in early last century along with the Gregorian calendar. According to the Chinese calendar, a year has 12 months and a month has 29 or 30 days. If a month has 29 days, we call it the lesser month; if 30 days ??? the greater month. Each of the 12 months of a certain year can be lesser or greater, depending on the astronomical calculation. There is no special name to each month; they are identified by the ordinal numbers (1 to 12). If you want to know, for example, whether the second month of the next Chinese year (or lunar year) is a lesser or greater one, you have to consult an almanac or a perpetual calendar. There is an intercalary month arranged for every three years (approximately). An intercalary year has 13 months. That???s the outline of the Chinese calendar. And it may be obvious that the Chinese calendar cannot match its dates to the week s days.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 73907
The Gregorian calendar is a solar calendar that counts a year as the number of whole days in one revolution around the sun (365), then corrects for the partial days every 4, 100 and 400 years.  A week is just a block of 7 days, which doesn t have an astronomical reason, as far I know.  It goes back at least as far as the ancient Hebrews.  Since there are about 365 days in a year, and 365 is not divisible by 7, we are stuck with having the same date falling on different days every year.I don t know anything about the Chinese calendar, other than it has some lunar features and some solar features.  If it always has the same days, either Chinese years are always multiples of 7 (I don t think they are) or the day names are not just 7 days, but are more closely related to the calendar.

QUESTION ID: FVEE1MKMUEG7N2Y
QUESTION SUBJECT: will this work? about how many pound will i loose?
QUESTION CONTENT: i have been doing this for a couple of days now.every day:120 jumping jacks20 standing trunk twists10 minutes of jogging50 normal crunches. 50 side crunches( 50 right, 50 left)20 push ups25 twist crunches100 seconds standing up on tipi toes (helps my legs)leg flutters50 sit-upshow many calories do i have to eat each day to lose weight?if this is not enough, what else can i do? something that i can do at home.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3808
That would be considered a good warmup.    Its about the same as what we did before wrestling practice back in the day.-----Edit:  Run?  Bike?  Walk?    The point is, unless you re doing really significant aerobic exercise, like 10+ hours per week running and/or cycling,  weight loss is going to come mostly from calorie restriction.    You can t burn enough calories in these little 20 or 30 minute sessions to have an impact.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3809
ok diz iz goodbut u have to eat the regular amount of calories i think itz 200 or 2000..lol.. i dont know but seriously u have to eat ur regular meals no low carb diets either cuz with those ur not making ur metabolism work cuz datz what it does it burns carbs n if ur not eating ur carbs itll stop working n it wont burn any carbs which also known as fat.so by eating ur carbs ur making ur metabolism work which is burning ur carbs n when u excercise u make it work harder which make u burn more carbs. i dont know how much weight ull lose but in a month ull see good results. n i know it might sound stupid but im taking medical classes n they have told us diz.if u take them low carb diets or starve urself ull damage ur metabolism n when u feel ur thin enough n start eating again ull gain weightso much faster.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3810
The amount of calories depends on your age, height and current weight. However generally 4000-5000kj is a good start. I think thats approx 1500cal?If you do what I say the weight will literally fall off you. You need 8 hrs sleep every night as well as 8 glasses of pure water MINimum. 2-3 cups green tea with lemoncarnitine, evening primrose oil and b-complex supplementstry exercising first thing in morning BEFORE eatingeat 5-6 small meals a day (3 meals + snacks)include plenty of lean protein (egg whites, protein shakes, chicken, fish, turkey, fat-free plain yoghurt etc)limit refined carbohydrates and carbs in general esp wheatget fibre from leafy greens and broad beanstake 1tablespoon flaxseed oil each day1 tbs apple cider before bed is good for general health and fat burningflavour food with garlic, chilli, herbs and spiceseat 1-2 pcs fruit such as berries/ melonCARDIO is a must!! I don t know how much time you ve got but buy an exercise dvd and go for a long walk every dayIf you want super fast results do as much walking, cardio and pilates as possible! Good luck

QUESTION ID: FW24X2FUD0E05IC
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you get cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: .I need to know how you get cancer, please help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10797
Dr. Lorraine Day says 1% of cancers are hereditary. Others say as high as 10%, but I feel that s way high. T. Colin Campbell s The China Study book says it s mostly diet followed by environment (chemicals including drugs and chemo, x-rays/mammograms/radiation). Guyton&Hall s Textbook of Medical Physiology eleventh edition also has a lot to say on the subject. Their text is used in most mainstream medical curriculums and is the bible when it comes to physiology. They say on page 41, starting with the second paragraph - Only a minute fraction of the cells that mutate in the body ever lead to cancer. There are several reasons for this. First, most mutated cells have less survival capability and simply die. Second, only a few of the mutated cells that do survive become cancerous, because even most mutated cells still have normal feedback controls that prevent excessive growth. Third, those cells that are potentially cancerous are often, if not usually, destroyed by the body s immune system before they grow into cancer. This occurs in the following way: Most mutated cells form abnormal proteins within their cell bodies because of their altered genes, and these proteins activate the body s immune system, causing it to form antibodies or sensitized lymphocytes that react against the cancerous cells, destroying them. In support of this is the fact that in people whose immune systems have been suppressed, such as those taking immunosuppressant drugs after kidney or heart transplantation, the probability of a cancer s developing is multiplied as much as fivefold. http://links.jstor.org/sici?sici=0091-6765%28198202%2943%3C21%3ACI%3E2.0.CO%3B2-9&size=LARGE&origin=JSTOR-enlargePage states that Chemotherapeutic agents are widely used in clinical medicine for the treatment of conditions where diminution of the host immune response is a goal. This page also says The use of immunosuppressive drugs in clinical medicine is necessary to diminish the immune response to a point where responses to undesirable foreign antigens are elminated. This, to me, looks like CONCLUSIVE evidence that chemo ultimately causes cancer because we know chemo drugs destroy the immune system, and Guyton&Hall state that with a suppressed immune system, the probability of developing cancer is 5 times higher.Guyton and Hall also say later on that same page - probababilityof mutations can be increased manyfold when a person is exposed to certain chemical, physical, or biological factors, including the following:1. It is well known that ionizing radiation, such as x-rays, gamma rays, and particle radiation from radiocative substances, and even ultraviolet light can predispose individuals to cancer. Ions formed in tussue cells under the influence of such radiation are highly reactive and can rupture DNA strands, thus causing many mutations.2. Chemical substances of certain types also have a high propensity for causing mutations. It was discovered long ago that various aniline dye deritatives are likely to cause cancer, so that workers in chemical plants producing such substances, if unprotected, have a special predisposition to cancer. Chemical substances that can cause mutation are called carcinogens. That carcinogens that currently cause the greatest number of deaths are those in cigarette smoke. They cause about one quarter of all cancer deaths.3. Physical irritants also can lead to cancer, such as continued abrasion of the linings of the intestinal tract by some types of food. The damage to the tissues leads to rapid mitotic replacement of the cells. The more rapid the mitosis, the greater the chance for mutation.4. In many families, there is a strong hereditary tendency to cancer. This results from the fact that most cancers require not one mutation but two or more mutations before cancer occurs. In those families that are particularly predisposed to cancer, it is presumed that one or more cancerous genes are already mutated in the inherited genome. Therefore, far fewer additional mutations must take place in such family members before a cancer begins to grow.5. In laboratory animals, certain types of viruses can cause some kinds of cancer, including leukemia. This usually results in one of two ways. In the case of DNA viruses, the DNA strand of the virus can insert itself directly into one of the chromosomes and thereby cause a mutation that leads to cancer. In the case of RNAviruses, some of these carry with them an enzyme called reverse transcriptase that causes DNA to be transcribed from the RNA. The transcribed DNA then inserts itself into the animal cell genome, leading to cancer. If you have a strong tendency, genetically speaking, toward cancer you should *really* focus on diet to keep your immune system strong to get rid of cancer as it develops. If your immune system is weak, tumors will start to develop. At that point, your body may or may not be able to push them out, depending on how strong you are. If you disable your immune system with garbage intake and drugs, it s likely you ll have to go with surgery/chemo to treat it. See my post http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AhtQeVpiUvd5Ala1x9h0uhLsy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20071121083920AArkcnl&show=7#profile-info-0963cb95a32e2b3bc6cd20ab6f60b66eaa for natural treatments.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57982
This is not something you catch .  At any given time, something changes in your body and starts producing rapidly growing, abnormal cells which are cancerous.  Scientists have yet to identify that trigger that causes this and why it only occurs in some people and not others.

QUESTION ID: FWSKB8ZI6A2P6HT
QUESTION SUBJECT: How would you know if you had cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have always heard that early detection is important for successful treatment. But, I have also heard that by the time symptoms are noticable and severe enough to send you to the doctor, many cancers are already advanced.What can be done about this? How can cancer be detected before it is advanced? Is there some kind of cancer screening that people do as a part of their regular physicals? Is there one test that can detect many types of cancers, or does each type have a specific test? Do you recommend getting such tests?Thanks for your answers!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 46655
With over 200 different types of cancer and just as many subtypes of cancer it is extremely difficult to detect all of them. There is no overall blood test or overall screening that will detect all types of cancer possibilities.You can check yourself for breast lumps . . but that won t help you detect a brain tumor. You can test your blood for prostate cancer but that test won t tell you if you have bone cancer. Simply put . . there is no overall screening which will detect all forms of cancer. But there are some things that you can do. Certain types of cancer are more common in certain age groups. Find your age group and check the types of cancer you are more likely to get.Some quick examples - Children are likely to have cancers that stem from immature or the primitive cells associated with development. Young children and teens can have a cancer called Neuroblastoma . . . a cancer of the central nervous system.Teens and young adults - tend to develop hormonal related cancers often associated with growing - ie, teens often get bone cancers, such as osteosarcoma or ewings sarcoma - teens and young adults are more likely to have soft tissue sarcoma (cancer in the joints, tendons, muscles) than older people.Young adults - Germ cell tumors associated with testes or ovaries. Older adults - more susceptible to lung, colon, and breast carcinoma. Adults tend to get carcinoma associated with their organs (kidney, liver, lung, etc).Find out which cancers affect your age group the most and than learn the general signs of that cancer. In young people the types of cancer they have involve unusual lumps or bumps that often appear on the extremities. Young people should be taught to search their entire bodies for lumps . . not just check the breast for females or testicles for males . . but lumps anywhere located on the body. I have known young people to ignore lumps that have grown on their shoulders . . they just think it is odd but they are not alarmed . . and they should be. A lump or bump that begins to grow should be examined immediately. It may be the only symptom that you will ever have until the cancer is very advanced.So . . for young adults the number one way to detect cancer is by completely examing the body on a regular basis searching for unusual lumps or bumps that cannot be explained. A regular doctors check up is also essential. Many young people avoid going to the doctor because they feel so healthy and consider a physical a waste of money . However, a regular doctor can establish what you are like when you are well . . and be able to compare your past health with the present to determine if there is anything unusual going on.And, that s about it for early detection . . . checkfor anything unusual on a fairly regular basis and have well physicals. At the moment, little else can be done.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87707
There are hundreds of disease entities that can be labeled Cancer .  A great many of them are undetectable until in a very advanced state, and some can kill you before being discovered.There are screens for a variety of cancers, some of which are quite simple and others of which demand expensive lab tests following painful biopsies.  Because many of these tests are very expensive, many insurance companies won t authorize them absent other symptoms that would suggest the use of the tests.  So what physicians do is ask you for an extensive family medical history as well as your own medical history.  If certain cancers have appeared in your blood line - your family tree - they know to look more closely for possible evidence of such cancers when they examine you.  The sorry fact is, many cancers are going to escape detection until it is too late for a cure - and for many cancers, there IS no cure, no matter how early caught.  Life is a gamble; you simply cannot eliminate all risk.  You must live your life as best you can and not dwell on the negative.

QUESTION ID: FY4E8BZCRR7NFFS
QUESTION SUBJECT: Heart transplant. vagus nerve not retransplanted. How is the heart rate kept in check?
QUESTION CONTENT: Understand that the vagus nerve is not retransplanted after transplant and so Atropine would be useless in symptomatic bradycardia.  But what stops the heart from beating faster and faster if there is no parasympathetic innervation to slow it down?  Is this something to do with its intrinsic regulation where it does not need signals from the brain to make it beat? Is this the same as heart brain ?  Isn t the heart exposed to unopposed stimulation by sympathetic nerves if the vagus nerve is missing?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87907
I think this will help you out, I agree with your questionable reasoning:The medulla, located in the brainstem above the spinal cord, is the primary site in the brain for regulating sympathetic and parasympathetic (vagal) outflow to the heart and blood vessels. The nucleus tractus solitarius (NTS) of the medulla receives sensory input from different systemic and central receptors (e.g., baroreceptors and chemoreceptors). The medulla also receives information from other brain regions (e.g., hypothalamus). The hypothalamus and higher centers modify the activity of the medullary centers and are particularly important in stimulating cardiovascular responses to emotion and stress (e.g., exercise, thermal stress). Autonomic outflow from the medulla is divided principally into sympathetic and parasympathetic (vagal) branches. Efferent fibers of these autonomic nerves travel to the heart and blood vessels where they modulate the activity of these target organs.The heart is innervated by vagal and sympathetic fibers. The right vagus nerve primarily innervates the SA node, whereas the left vagus innervates the AV node; however, there can be significant overlap in the anatomical distribution. Atrial muscle is also innervated by vagal efferents, whereas the ventricular myocardium is only sparsely innervated by vagal efferents. Sympathetic efferent nerves are present throughout the atria (especially in the SA node) and ventricles, including the conduction system of the heart. Cardiac function is altered by neural activation. Sympathetic stimulation increases heart rate (positive chronotropy), inotropy and conduction velocity (positive dromotropy), whereas parasympathetic stimulation of the heart has opposite effects.  Sympathetic and parasympathetic effects on heart function are mediated by beta-adrenoceptors and muscarinic receptors, respectively.Sympathetic adrenergic nerves travel along arteries and nerves and are found in the adventitia (outer wall of a blood vessel). Varicosities, which are small enlargements along the nerve fibers, are the site of neurotransmitter release. Capillaries receive no innervation. Activation of vascular sympathetic nerves causes vasoconstriction of arteries and veins mediated by alpha-adrenoceptors.Parasympathetic fibers are found associated with blood vessels in certain organs such as salivary glands, gastrointestinal glands, and in genital erectile tissue. The release of acetylcholine (ACh) from these parasympathetic nerves has a direct vasodilatory action (coupled to nitric oxide formation and guanylyl cyclase activation). ACh release can stimulate the release of kallikrein from glandular tissue that acts upon kininogen to form kinins (e.g., bradykinin). Kinins cause increased capillary permeability and venous constriction, along with arterial vasodilation in specific organs.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87908
Normally, the heart communicates with the brain via nerve fibers running through the vagus nerve and the spinal column. In a heart transplant, these nerve connections do not reconnect for an extended period of time, if at all; however, the transplanted heart is able to function in its new host through the capacity of its intact, intrinsic nervous system.The heart s nervous system contains around 40,000 neurons, called sensory neurites, which detect circulating hormones and neurochemicals and sense heart rate and pressure information. Hormonal, chemical, rate and pressure information is translated into neurological impulses by the heart s nervous system and sent from the heart to the brain through several afferent (flowing to the brain) pathways. It is also through these nerve pathways that pain signals and other feeling sensations are sent to the brain. These afferent nerve pathways enter the brain in an area called the medulla, located in the brain stem. The signals have a regulatory role over many of the autonomic nervous system signals that flow out of the brain to the heart, blood vessels and other glands and organs.

QUESTION ID: FYC1RA7GURR3CP4
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 23914
atoms in atmosphere absorbs the incoming light from the sun (which contains all colors) but only emits blue light.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75219
The first steps towards correctly explaining the colour of the sky were taken by John Tyndall in 1859. He discovered that when light passes through a clear fluid holding small particles in suspension, the shorter blue wavelengths are scattered more strongly than the red. This can be demonstrated by shining a beam of white light through a tank of water with a little milk or soap mixed in. From the side, the beam can be seen by the blue light it scatters; but the light seen directly from the end is reddened after it has passed through the tank. The scattered light can also be shown to be polarised using a filter of polarised light, just as the sky appears a deeper blue through polaroid sun glasses.This is most correctly called the Tyndall effect, but it is more commonly known to physicists as Rayleigh scattering--after Lord Rayleigh, who studied it in more detail a few years later. He showed that the amount of light scattered is inversely proportional to the fourth power of wavelength for sufficiently small particles. It follows that blue light is scattered more than red light by a factor of (700/400)4 ~= 10.Dust or Molecules?Tyndall and Rayleigh thought that the blue colour of the sky must be due to small particles of dust and droplets of water vapour in the atmosphere. Even today, people sometimes incorrectly say that this is the case. Later scientists realised that if this were true, there would be more variation of sky colour with humidity or haze conditions than was actually observed, so they supposed correctly that the molecules of oxygen and nitrogen in the air are sufficient to account for the scattering. The case was finally settled by Einstein in 1911, who calculated the detailed formula for the scattering of light from molecules; and this was found to be in agreement with experiment. He was even able to use the calculation as a further verification of Avogadro s number when compared with observation. The molecules are able to scatter light because the electromagnetic field of the light waves induces electric dipole moments in the molecules.Why not violet?If shorter wavelengths are scattered most strongly, then there is a puzzle as to why the sky does not appear violet, the colour with the shortest visible wavelength. The spectrum of light emission from the sun is not constant at all wavelengths, and additionally is absorbed by the high atmosphere, so there is less violet in the light. Our eyes are also less sensitive to violet. That s part of the answer; yet a rainbow shows that there remains a significant amount of visible light coloured indigo and violet beyond the blue. The rest of the answer to this puzzle lies in the way our vision works. We have three types of colour receptors, or cones, in our retina. They are called red, blue and green because they respond most strongly to light at those wavelengths. As they are stimulated in different proportions, our visual system constructs the colours we see.Response curves for the three types of cone in the human eyeWhen we look up at the sky, the red cones respond to the small amount of scattered red light, but also less strongly to orange and yellow wavelengths. The green cones respond to yellow and the more strongly-scattered green and green-blue wavelengths. The blue cones are stimulated by colours near blue wavelengths which are very strongly scattered. If there were no indigo and violet in the spectrum, the sky would appear blue with a slight green tinge. However, the most strongly scattered indigo and violet wavelengths stimulate the red cones slightly as well as the blue, which is why these colours appear blue with an added red tinge. The net effect is that the red and green cones are stimulated about equally by the light from the sky, while the blue is stimulated more strongly. This combination accounts for the pale sky blue colour. It may not be a coincidence that our vision is adjusted to see the sky as a pure hue. We have evolved to fit in with our environment; and the ability to separate natural colours most clearly is probably a survival advantage.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75220
The blue color of the sky is due to Rayleigh scattering. As light moves through the atmosphere, most of the longer wavelengths pass straight through. Little of the red, orange and yellow light is affected by the air. However, much of the shorter wavelength light is absorbed by the gas molecules. The absorbed blue light is then radiated in different directions. It gets scattered all around the sky. Whichever direction you look, some of this scattered blue light reaches you. Since you see the blue light from everywhere overhead, the sky looks blue.

QUESTION ID: FYE01OUHHS4XIL4
QUESTION SUBJECT: why are steroids given prior to antibiotics in immunosuppressive patients if they have an infection?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2274
Steroids play a vast role in medicine.  Steroids are given to reduce inflammation (such as asthma or pneumonia or bronchitis or generally any other itis ) and also can be given to exert an immunosuppresive response, so they in turn can actually cause immunosuppresion.  They are also used to maintain blood pressure during shock.  Steroids are naturally found in the body in the major form of cortisol produced by the adrenal glands.   There are a number of things that can happen during an infection.  One of the major things is inflammation.  For instance if someone has meningitis it is the standard of practice to administer steroids to decrease the body s natural inflammatory reaction that can actually harm the person (this is before administering the antibiotic, as it were).  Steroids themselves are dangerous in the long run, they can produce infection (from the decrease action of the T-cells in the body=>the guys that help us fight infection) osteoporosis, hyperglycemia, Cushings, etc (these are all very real and do occur quite frequently with people on long term steroids).  Of interest, the Cushing s is because when the body is given the steroidsfrom outside sources, it gets lazy and doesn t want to produce its own.  That s why you taper steroids if you use them for a long time, this way it will give the body a chance to restart its steroid production, gradually.  Sincerely,Doc
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5632
Corticosteroids, or steroids as they are commonly called, are very important drugs in a wide variety of medical conditions.  They exert an  anti-inflammatory  effect and suppress the immune system.  This may be life saving in some diseases such as asthma and malignancies.  This suggests that the steroid suppresses a mechanism for keeping the bacteria out of the circulatory system, since ordinarily it is difficult to grow the Lyme organism from the blood.  Entrance of the bacteria into the bloodstream can allow seeding of other organs  In patients who have presented with eye involvement with  rapidly deteriorating vision, such as optic neuritis or uveitis, the combination of high dose steroids appears to restore vision more rapidly than by using antibiotics alone.  The use of  steroids in combination  with antibiotics in patients who presented with a Lyme induced polymyalgia rheumatica (PMR).     PMR is a common disease of elderly people characterized by pain and stiffness in the muscles of the upper arms and legs, fevers, malaise and  weight loss.  The ESR, sedimentation rate is elevated.  In its classic form, the  cause of the condition is unknown, and the dramatic response to steroids is in  itself diagnostic.  Three cases of Lyme induced PMR, which did not respond to steroids alone or antibiotics alone, yet when the combination was given the response was dramaticThe steroids used potentiates the actions of the antibiotics  esp in infection such as LYme Disease.

QUESTION ID: FZ4IY14854GSXV6
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does culture influance our communicative behaviour?
QUESTION CONTENT: pls elaborate your answer!!!!!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17575
Culture influences communicative behaviour a lot, and there s been lots of research done to see how different cultures communicate and what effects it has. Any answer this short on a topic this broad can only be sound bite, but I ll give it a go- Just one example from Edward Hall s early work is the high context/low context continuum... In high context societies, a lot can be understood intuitively from the background to a conversation, so less needs to be said actually. The opposite is the low context society, where little or no background information about people can be inferred from context- there, people have to ask a lot of open, direct questions just to work out what s going on. Now imagine someone with low context sensibilities enters a place where the people largely havehigh context sensibilities- to the insiders, the outsider seems to be too direct, possibly even rude and uneducated, because he s asking all these direct questions which they know the answers to by heart, but never have to actually say. To the outsider, the insiders seem mysterious, close-mouthed, and possibly untrustworthy. The only reason for the prejudices to arise however, is the high context/low context cultural gap.Another researcher, Geert Hofstede, used survey data from IBM employees to compare cultural norms and tendencies across 10,000 individuals in different branches of IBM across the world. The great thing was, as the IBM company basically has the same work practices in all it s branches, any differences in survey data could be attributed solely to culture. He devised with five different indexes to measure how culture affects communication- these included long/short term orientation, hi/lo masculinity, hi/lo power distance, hi/lo individuality, and something else I can t remember.  As with Hall s high context-low context continuum, depending on where you were on Hofstede s indices determined a- what your norms of communication would be, and b- what difficulties you might encounter communicating with people at a radically different place in the indices to you. It s important to remember that these cultural measures apply to whole societies as well as individuals, allowing for cultural trends and currents therein. Of course, within one society there may be several sub-groups, co-cultures, and each one may adopt it s own, slightly different cultural way of communicating. There may be complete accord within a single cultural unit as to how to communicate, but the larger the group is, the more likely there will be variance in communication.As well as these measures, modes and standards of communication are also dictated by culture.  Our body language, how much we smile, or point with our hands whilst communicating, will depend on our cultural background. To an extent this is co-constructed behaviour, which is why if we live in foreign countries for a long time, we begin to absorb native sensibilities to communication.A good solid example is from advertising. To the English, an advert for insurance from Japan may just look like a series of unconnected pictures, and we d have no clue as to what to buy when it was over. For the Japanese, cultural images and norms would be immediately apparent, as good as a spoken message. In comparison, an English insurance may appear unnecessarily long and wordy to the Japanese, where to the English it is clear and reassuring. If you re trying to see insurance in both England and Japan, it can be better to forget translating pre-existing adverts you may have for any one country, and just get a native advertising team in to do the job for you. All this theory, identifying how different people communicate, it s used to help international business negotiations run smoothly, for sociological studies, and can be applied to just about any context- maybe politics or welfare next?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29369
our communication is being altered by not having to use our mouths to talk anymore.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29370
Profoundly.  Take something as simple as gender.  Some societies still do not value the opinions of women.  So, if a woman were to speak up and state her thoughts and ideas, she would be considered out of line.  Therefore, this particular culture would be governed primarily by the men and their opinions.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29371
Culture is our way of life, our traditions, customs, the ethos we were brought up on. So for example, if a person was brought up in an environment with limited exposure to things outside of their household and culture, that will have a huge affect on that person???s ability to communicate with those from other cultures.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38822
Being from the south myself, I say that we learn to speak what we hear.Southern culture offers a multitude of words that no one from outside our region would understand.We reckon (which means think) we have tennis shoes that serve as shoes for any sport.  We go down to the store or to the city, doesn t matter if its north, south east or west on the map.I think each area develops its own culture that is defining.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68700
If you mean like overseas influence like American Linguistic Influence in Puerto Rico, well it affects the language style and the way they say words, for example the American culture is so wide spread the that instead of calling cars automobiles (spanish) they call them carros decending from the word car . They say e-mail instead of mensaje electronico . Pronounce TV with an English accent like this - ti vi instead of te ve , in spanish. Call tv screens screens instead of pantalla .    In addition because of this in most cases it is made easier for Puerto Ricans to learn English faster and more efficiently than for example Peruvians, Mexicans, or any South American population...

QUESTION ID: FZOIBZBG5WODTQP
QUESTION SUBJECT: Larger women in classic paintings are considered beautiful. Why are larger women NOW frowned upon by society?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28071
Well, i wouldn t say that their frowned on.I think their the majority now days.The kids now days are heavier and they don t mind showing parts of their body that need to be covered and no one really gives it a second glance.So now i think it s like a fad to be heavy and i really don t see the frown part.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28072
I never thought of bigger women to be frowed on-sometimes men, but not women.Also you have to look at the fact of how big.I m 5 5 and I weigh 130.But I have friends who weigh alotmore than me.But I also couldnt picture them in any other way.Growing up I never wanted to be skinny but it just happened that way.Now, I m just thick-or my perfect size,like my friends I just couldnt see my self in any other way.I do think that preppy females put down bigger girls but where I come from big girls get lots of love.Hope I helped..............Flow*
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28073
Larger women, in the past were considered beautiful.  But they were also considered rich.  They had enough money to feed themselves well.  Now days, people know that there are different things that can effect a persons weight.  Bigger women are now seen as lazy.  People who don t try to be the ideal.  This isn t necessarily true either.  I still see bigger women, with the natural curves, to be considered beautiful.  I guess, though, being an artist, I try to find the beauty in all things and people, so maybe I am not the best one to answer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28074
A lot of what is fashionable is about looking like you are wealthy.  Before the industrial revolution, the bulk of the poor were farmers or other menial laborers who did hard physical labor; in addition, food was expensive - poorer people ate the cheapest they could (most often vegetables and grains) and only what they needed to keep from starving.  Wealthy people, otoh, had the luxury of eating more expensive foods and eating as much as they wanted, and only doing the activities they wanted to do.Now, poorer people are most often at desk or otherwise inactive jobs and are often working long hours.  Food is cheap and plentiful, but the foods that are cheapest in terms of calories vs. (cost and prep time) vs. shelf life are the least nutritious most fattening foods available.  Wealthy people have more free time to spend in athletic pasttimes or exercise and the free time and wealth to spend time on cooking or on more gourmet food where health isn t sacrificed for the sake of more calories.  (And, too often the wealth to spend money on cocaine or similar drugs).Something similar has occurred with skin tone - before the industrial revolution, the poor worked outside and the rich stayed inside to keep their lily-white skins.  Now, the poor work inside and the rich have more free time to spend outside, especially at resorts and other vacation areas.I wanted to add this - you see plenty of slender women in art all the way back to the classic age and farther.  Being slender has usually been approved of, until you go back to the tribal stages where being overweight meant that you could survive a famine.

QUESTION ID: G3QGHJCI2XSXCPW
QUESTION SUBJECT: How huch is a Ruger Model P89DC 9mm worth?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7886
if you meant p89dac blued $428-$223and  stainless $475-$294high price being new in box low price being 68%
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28574
I ve noticed that there are so many of these on the market lately, they re selling for much less than book value. Considering that you can buy a new Ruger SR9 for around $500 or a P95 for $350, I wouldn t expect to sell one for much over the $200-$300 range unless there is something extraordinary about it. That s good news for you if you re in the market for one (it is a great gun).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28579
it depends on what the handle is made of (titanium)?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60107
Depends on condition, and whether it is blue or stainless. In any case used Ruger auto are relative cheap , even new.  In used condition, probably about $250- $300 at most.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 80520
P89 - 9mm Para. cal., improved variation of the P85 Mark II, 10 (C/B 1994) or 15 (new late 2005) shot mag., ambidextrous safety or decocker (Model P89D), blue finish, 32 oz. New 1992. Grading 100% ....98% ....95% ....90% ....80% ....70% ....60% .............. $380 ....$330 ....$280 ...$250 ...$215 ...$200 ...$185  Variants were available in a decocking (P89DC) or double action only (P-89DAO, disc. 2004) version at no extra charge.    KP89 Stainless - stainless variation of the P89, also available in double action only (disc.). New 1992. Grading 100% ....98% ....95% ....90% ....80% ....70% ....60% ...............$425 ....$360 ...$305 ....$250 ...$215 ...$200 ...$185  Add $45 for convertible 7.65mm Luger cal. barrel (Model KP89X, approx. 5,750 mfg. during 1994 only).

QUESTION ID: G5A77FS8RLUSQ4T
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does a woman get breast cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50823
That Could Be Genic. So If You Have Any Daughters They Should Get Checked. Men Can Also Get It. You Dont See It That Often.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50824
There are so many differet reasons on why MEN or WOMEN get breast Cancer. Here is some basic info. about Breast Cancer.  I hope this helps:CauseThe exact cause of breast cancer is not known. Female hormones and increasing age play a part. The chances that you will develop breast cancer increase as you age. About 1 in every 7 women in the United States will be diagnosed with breast cancer if she lives to be 80. 5, 4 Family history also plays a role in the development of breast cancer. You are more likely to have breast cancer if your mother, father, or sister has breast cancer. Also, women who carry certain genes called BRCA1 and BRCA2 are more likely to have breast cancer. If you have a strong family history of breast or ovarian cancer, you may want to be tested for these genes. People who inherit specific changes, or mutations, in one or both of these genes have a greater risk of developing breast cancer. Studies show that women who take hormone replacement therapy with estrogen and progesterone have an increased risk of breast cancer. Women who take estrogen alone may not have an increased risk. 3 Many people believe that only women have breast cancer. But, although rare, about 1% of all breast cancer occurs in men. Most men who have breast cancer are older than 65, but it can appear in younger men. For this reason, any breast lump in an adult man is considered abnormal. 1, 2
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50825
i just had lumpectomy 2 weeks ago,,soon chemo and radiation.im now reading a book , IFLUNKED MY MAMMOGRAM  by ernie bodai md...very imformative plis u can call american cancer soceity,,but i dont think there is one specific reason,,..for myself i might blame it on being obese and driving threw the fast food full of trans fats

QUESTION ID: G5U65MXJXXSUXB6
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why were Aloutte lyrics invented?
QUESTION CONTENT: who invented it, why it was written, what s it about
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74819
It s a hunting song, I don t think anyone knows who wrote it, it s kind of like mary had a little lamb, here s a translation of the lyrics:Lark, nice Alouette Lark I will pluck you Alouette,nice Alouette LarkI will pluck youI will pluck you the headI will pluck you the headAnd the head, and the head Alouette,Alouette O-o-o-o-oh Alouette,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck you Lark,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck you Alouette,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck youI will pluck you the noseI will pluck you the noseAnd the nose, and the nose Alouette,Alouette O-o-o-o-oh Alouette,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck you Lark,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck you Alouette,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck youI will pluck you the eyesI will pluck you the eyesAnd the eyes, and the eyes Alouette,Alouette O-o-o-o-oh Alouette,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck you Lark,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck you Alouette,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck youI will pluck you the neckI will pluck you the neckAnd the neck, and the neck Alouette,Alouette O-o-o-o-oh Alouette,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck you Lark,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck you Alouette,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck youI will pluck you the wingsI will pluck youthe wingsAnd the wings, and the wings Alouette,Alouette O-o-o-o-oh Alouette,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck you Lark,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck youAlouette, nice Alouette LarkI will pluck youI will pluck you the backI will pluck you the backAnd the back, and the back Alouette,Alouette O-o-o-o-oh Alouette,nice Alouette LarkI will pluck you Lark,nice Alouette LarkI will pluck you Alouette,nice Alouette LarkI will pluck youI will pluck you the legsI will pluck you the legsAnd the legs, and the legs Alouette,Alouette O-o-o-o-oh Alouette,nice Alouette LarkI will pluck you Lark,nice Alouette LarkI will pluck you Alouette,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck youI will pluck you the tailI will pluck you the tailAnd the tail, and the tail Alouette,Alouette O-o-o-o-oh Alouette,nice Alouette Lark I will pluck you
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88374
Aloutte = bird in french

QUESTION ID: G7HV05JXAQNUENL
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I force myself to go to the gym more?
QUESTION CONTENT: I need to work out more and I joined an expensive gym and am always making lazy excuses not to go.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7551
A lot of people don t like exercising when all it is going on the treadmill, it s borring. Exercise, you have to make it FUN.I like the outdoors and thinking, problem solving, and being alone- so I walk outdoors or hike. It s not a chore for me- I LOVE it.But most people like to be around people, so pick a sport. The best sport is soccer because youare running around and it is quite fun. Sports are the best motivator because its with a group and a game. Or walk with a friend. And do differnt things everytime. If you exercise 3 times a week, make each of those days a differnt thing so you won t get borred by the routine.If you like to read, read while on the treadmill.But I might say you are unmotivated because the gym is borring. It s inside, your brain gets tired by the repetitive motions. When you are outside, your brain has to  stay alert in case a car comes and the changing scenary. Humans wern t designed to be inside exercising.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12693
You need to seriously decide whether you want to go to the gym or not 1st off .What I can tell you is this...you have to expend energy to gain energy.If you do nothing then you will feel like doing nothing,I know it seems odd as you are feeling lazy or tired and the last thing you might want to do is be active,but trust me if you get active you will have more energy.I love going to the gym in fact I get a lil pouty when the gym is closed on Sundays lol I just feel better when I work out.Get out there and do it and each day you will feel more like doing it...but you have to take the 1st step :)

QUESTION ID: G7PJRITDDAW6AXU
QUESTION SUBJECT: how are trenches formed?
QUESTION CONTENT: formation of trenches
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3394
Subduction zone dynamics are fairly complex but the basics are that the oceanic plates are made up of basaltic rocks that have a higher specific gravity, more dense, than continental rocks which are more like icebergs with a lot of rock underneath them to support what s above.Add to that is the fact that rocks under a lot of pressure are plastic, not solid, the oceanic plates are fairly thin so are flexible, and due to the lithosphere being on top of magma the whole mess is pretty dynamic and volatile. Next is the rotation of the planet along with it s molten core which set up currents and stresses that are large enough to move things around.Then consider the magma extruding along faults in the plates, lava is released through these with enough pressure to cause the cooling lavas to spread away from the source, this of course puts a lot of pressure against the continents which don t have any spreading centers.Add all this up and you get a relatively thin, flexible, dense piece of oceanic plate pressing against a lighter, more rigid structure of the continents and something has to give. So, the oceanic plate follows the path of least resistance and begins to move down under the continental plates, basically recycling the rocks back into the magma below. This is a brief outline of the aspects that are important to how subduction is caused, it s definitely worth getting some good books on plate tectonics since it s part of why our planet is so dynamic. The USGS website is good for basics and graphics.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69952
A trench is always formed by two oceanic crusts subducting. The older, colder, and denser plate subducts beneath the younger, warmer, and lighter one.

QUESTION ID: G8GA878CVTTE0FI
QUESTION SUBJECT: What is Geocaching?  If you know before Googling it how many caches do you have?
QUESTION CONTENT: 86 for the Peanut Gallery.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88309
Geocaching is an entertaining adventure game for gps users. Participating in a cache hunt is a good way to take advantage of the wonderful features and capability of a gps unit. The basic idea is to have individuals and organizations set up caches all over the world and share the locations of these caches on the internet. GPS users can then use the posted longitude and latitude location coordinates to find the caches. Once found, a cache may provide the visitor with a wide variety of rewards, treasures, trinkets, etc. All the visitor is asked to do is if they get something they should try to leave something for the cache.There is currently over 200,000 geocaches world-wide.I personally have not placed any caches yet, but I have found just over 100 caches so far.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22458
Geocaching is an outdoor activity that most often involves the use of a Global Positioning System ( GPS ) receiver or traditional navigational techniques to find a geocache (or cache ) placed anywhere in the world. A typical cache is a small, waterproof container containing a logbook and treasure , usually trinkets of little value. Participants are called geocachers; those not familiar with geocaching are called geo-muggles or just muggles, a term borrowed from the Harry Potter series.Geocaching is similar to a much older activity called letterboxing. The major difference is its use of the GPS and the Internet.There are a number of Web sites that list geocache sites around the world. The best known is geocaching.com, which dates from 2000 and whose owners have attempted to commercialize the sport, including attempts to trademark the word geocache . These attempts have often proved controversial in the community.In the United States, where most geocaching services are hosted, co-ordinates are not protected by copyright but cache data is. Commercial web-sites listing geocache data are generally protective of their data.People using publicly available data taken from geocaching.com have been threatened with lawsuits by Groundspeak, Inc., the owners of geocaching.com. One of the most notable examples of this is that of Ed Hall who in 2001 was threatened with a lawsuit if he didn t place a notice stating that all geocaching data used in the creation of his geocache maps was copyrighted by Groundspeak, Inc. The legal advice received by Hall suggested that such a notice was unnecessary but his site now acknowledges the various sources of cache data i donot have any.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22459
Geocaching is when you find the quordinants for a certain cache on the internet, set them into your gps, and then have the gps tell you where to drive, and when you get close enough, walk. It s pretty fun.

QUESTION ID: G8YXJC1QLZVFNS7
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are textbooks so expensive to purchase, and resale on them is a joke.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81654
I hear you!  I guess the bookstore always has to make a big profit.  I don t think there s anything we can do about it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81655
There s two markets going on here - a pre-semester purchase, and post-semester sale.The prices are so high at the start of a term because:1) There s usually no competition at a school s bookstore (unless you count Half.com, overstock.com, etc), which means there s a monopolistic supplier.2) There s an absolute demand for these books - the bookstores have access to school records for enrollment, and so know how many to order (except when you have a large number of students sign up at the last second), and you NEED these books. You can t get through the term without them. Hence you ll pay whatever is asked. Hence, we have inelastic demand.At the close of the term, we have a very different market:1) The demand for these textbooks by the bookstore is small because a) new books come out all the time and supplant what you just bought, b) there s no guarantee this book will be used next term, c) there s no guarantee that class will be offered next term, d) Anything used is worth less than anything new, especially if there are CDs or such involved. Hence we have very elastic demand.2) The students, as the source of supply, have absolutely no use for most of these books (intro to sociology doesn t help a CS major, although progression courses like Calculus or literature are usable in several classes and may be kept for reference afterwards), and so are willing to accept cash for less than what they purchased. We therefore have an inelastic supply that exceeds optimal supply, thus the price falls.Some student bodies have set up unofficial textbook bazaars. For a fee (usually $8 to $10 each) students can enter the bazaar with their armload of books, each goes to a respective subject area (Agriculture, Physics, English, Arabic, etc) to buy whatever book they need and sell whatever they don t. The price is not rigidly set, but rather determined by what each is willing pay or receive. I m told that you can find some true bargains about half an hour before these close down (sheer desperation).  See, in this way, the buyer pays less for the book than the bookstore charges, and the seller receives more than the bookstore pays. Voila. You should do this, seriously you d make agood chunk of change.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89112
the bookstore is just trying to make a big profit, that s why.

QUESTION ID: GAJOUR7EZIDHZXJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is solar energy important in our lives? Without solar energy what would we lack?
QUESTION CONTENT: I need to write a report on how solar energy connects to my life directly. I want to know if that is basically the same as asking what would we do without the sun? Thanks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 61755
Agriculture, for one.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61756
Yes. Solar energy not only refers to electricity, it s also the energy of the sun in any way. You can talk about photosynthesis, the way solar energy works in life (did you know that if we expose ourselves to the sun we produce vitamin D?), and, of course, solar energy as a source of electricity. You can find many things. Hope I have helped you! And good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61757
Ultimately, even fossil fuel burning engines are solar powered. When you burn carbon compounds, you are releasing the energy stored in the complex molecules, and releasing simple carbon compounds such as CO and CO2. The atmosphere had a lot more of these compounds early on until photosynthesis came about. Plants use solar energy to build complex molecules such as starches and sugars (which are basically the same thing). These are stored forms of energy which animals can obtain by eating the plants.We can get that energy back out of plants shortly by burning them (wood, paper, coal, etc). Or if the dead plants and animals are allowed to decompose into the soil, these complex carbon compounds go along for the ride, and end up in coal, oil, and natural gas deposits. We then burn these, releasing that carbon which was originally trapped by plants and bacteria millions of years ago.If you get an ethanol engine in your car, and burn E80 fuel, you re mostly releasing the energy that was stored in corn. The energy in the corn came from the sun, too. Most energy stores on Earth are here because of, and supplied bythe sun. Windmills are solar powered as well, since it is the Sun which creates the temperature differentials which cause winds.Forms of energy production NOT powered by the sun: geothermal and tidal turbines. Geothermal power is harnessing energy coming from the Earth s heat. If you put a turbine on Old Faithful in Yellowstone park, you re harnessing the Earth s energy then. Nuclear energy also comes from the Earth. Tidal generators are harnessing the Moon s kinetic energy. The Moon s gravity moves water, and if you harness that motion, then you re using the Moon as your power source.The reason that harnessing solar energy directly is attractive is that it has less of an impact on the environment than releasing solar energy stored in other forms. If you release that energy by burning coal, you are returning carbon into the atmosphere and increasing the rate at which nature would need to be removing it from the atmosphere if balance is to be maintained. Nature does adjust - during the time of the Dinosaurs, there was much more lush jungle than there is now, because the climate was warmer. Warmer climate with more CO2 means that plant life has much moroe opportunity to thrive, but if we buck the cycle faster than nature adjusts, then nature will adjust another way - the habitat will no longer be conducive to human life or at least on the lives of the organisms we depend upon, and thus times get hard for us, Our numbers would dwindle, and our CO2 production would diminish as well.If the Sun were not giving us its energy, then almost all cycles on our planet would come to a halt very quickly. Everything would freeze over. Some of the last life on Earth would be at geothermal vents at the ocean floor. These ecosystems aren t based on the Sun at all anyway, and they could theoreticallty continue for as long as the geothermal energy could keep the ice around them melted, and giving them the energy they need to survive. All life on the surface would be dead very quickly, though.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61758
It is the ultimate source of all energy on Earth.

QUESTION ID: GAMJMUDVLQPOQB6
QUESTION SUBJECT: please explain hide and low tide...and why is the atlantic ocean colder and the indian warmer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76772
The high and low tide are caused by the gravitational forces between the earth and the moon. However, the source of the real effect takes some explaining to grasp. The incorrect way of thinking is that the moon attracts all the water to itself, therefore causing a high tide on the side of earth close to the moon, and a low tide on the side far from the moon. However, if this was the case, there would be a high tide once per day. But there are TWO high tides a day. The reason is, the part of the earth both AWAY from the moon, and CLOSE to the moon BOTH get high tides... Now we need to explain why this is so. The earth and moon rotate around each other, each pulling the other towards itself. The moon attracts every piece of matter on earth. Since gravity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance, this force is greater on the side of the earth closer to the moon, and lesser on the side of the earth further from the moon. Since the earth is quite a rigid object, this difference in forces fails to deform the earth (much). However, it succeeds quite well in deforming the oceans -- which are not as rigid. Since the waters on the moon side are attracted more strongly than average, they tend tobulge TOWARDS the moon, hence causing a high tide. The waters on the opposite side of the moon, since they are attracted less strongly than average, tend to lag behind the rigid earth, and bulge AWAY from the moon, which in this case, is also AWAY from the earth, again, causing a high tide. Low tide occurs at about right angles to the moon, where the force on the waters match the average pull of the moon on the earth closely. The question that usually follows this is, why doesn t the sun cause any tides (comparable to that of the moon) although its pull on the earth is larger? The answer is, although the gravitational pull of the sun on the earth is larger than that of the moon, due to the much greater distance, the force changes very little from one end of the earth to the other. Since it is the difference in the force than the average magnitude of the force that matters for creating tides, the net effect is much less than that for the moon.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25428
The gravity of the moon is responsible for about 2/3 of the tide, and the gravity of the sun is responsible for about 1/3 of the tide. There are also effects from the other planets and celestial bodies, but since they are further away and/or smaller, the effects are much less. The tides are caused because on one side of the earth, the gravitational pull of the moon (and other bodies) pulls the water away from the earth, and makes a big lump we call a high tide. On the other side of the earth, the earth gets pulled away from the water, leaving another big lump we call a high tide (slightly lower). In between these two tides is a low tide. That is why in most places we see 2 tides a day (although in some places there are no tides, or 1 tide a day, or more than 2 a day).If the gravity of the sun and the moon line up, we get extra large tides call spring tides. If the gravity of the sun and the moon do not work together, we get smaller tides called neap tides.  There are tides in the atmosphere too, and in the ground, as you might expect. It is not just in the water, but we can see the water tides easiest in the oceans and some big lakes.The main reason for the difference in ocean temperatures is the ocean currents. The ocean currents act like a conveyer belt, moving heat and salinity around the planet.

QUESTION ID: GAO8ZBNU6ZU46B5
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does breast cancer get more attention than other cancers?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am a woman, and I worry about breast cancer.  But, I am also curious as to why breast cacner gets more attention than any other cancer, like say prostate cancer.  I think that prostate cancer, and other men s cancers, are being highly ignored and improperly treated, while breast and other women;s cancers are getting more attention.  I also believe September is prostate cancer awareness month, and that breast cancer is still getting more attention.  I only bring this up, because I recently lost an uncle to prostate cancer, and this was because when he went for treatments, the doctors didn t have the proper vaccines, and even told us that most of the vaccines were being used to cure breast and ovarion cancers in women.  Not to offend, but what ever happened to equal rights?  I think prostate cancer should get the same amount of attention as breast cancer, just as I feel men s cancers should get the same attention as women s cancers.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84362
Where from you got the impression that women cancers get more attention than that of men for different cancers. I beg to differ with you as you are wrong. All the cancers - serious or simple - are attended equally by doctors, but I feel you havecome to this wrong conclutions because the brest cancer cases are more than other cancers. Worldwide, it is the most common form of cancer in females, affecting approximately one out of twelve to thirteen women who reach age nineteen or  at some stage of their life in the Western world. It is (after lung cancer) the second most fatal cancer in women. Lung, Pancreas, Prostrate, Brain, Liver, colon,  throat cancer in men and Cervix, breast, lung, Colon, in women are the cancers noticed in more numbers. Please note that Cancer is still an inigma and it comes out all of a sudden without giving any warning bell and that too when they are in advanced stage. A considerable percentage in both sex are fatel. Some madicines are in scarce and not available. So it is not correct to blame the medical professionals  for any untoward happening in the treatment of this disease. Further some oncologist are expert in some cancer surgery  and they can not treat all the cancers. It is our duty to get the correct person who can deliver the goods to us. They are doing their best and we should repose our faith in them. Ofcourse we can have second opinions always and take action. I am writing this so long becuase of my own experience in 3/4 cases in men and ladies.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 294
i don t think any cancers are being ignored or improperly treated , its just that breast cancer awareness is very strong . my son has brainstem cancer , its awareness isn t strong . more people need to put the word out there , get the message to new people , not just the hospitals and such .without the word being out there , donations for research are not as plentiful . we need moreresearch for all different types of cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51670
um...for women the big one is breast as you state..but men they always talk about testicular cancer...probably because people are so worried about their looks, mostly all other cancers are internal, except skin...and maybe you should get a new doctor since i ve never heard of a hospital not having the proper treatments to fight cancer..and i thought someone takes vaccines before they get a disease to become immune to it?  no one gets cancer vaccinations from what i know...equals rights deal with people, not what cancer gets the most attention..i think you should make sure your stuff makes sense before you post anything else
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51671
First of all, may a clarify something.  Vaccines aren t used in the treatment of breast cancer or prostate cancer.  One has just been developed to help prevent HPV, which causes a large percentage of Cervical Cancer.Breast Cancer gets so much attention because women and men have found an issue that they feel very strongly about, similar to political PACs.  The female breast, whether we like it or not is considered a sex organ by many and people don t like the idea of having to loose them.  Did you also know that men can get breast cancer?  I sat next to a guy while doing chemo that was also being treated for itWhile volunteering at the recent Avon Breast Cancer Walk in Long Beach, one volunteer was wearing a sign SAVE SECOND BASE 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84363
i am a young mother with 2 small children and i have breast cancer.  i think breast cancer gets more attention because 1 in 9 women will develop the disease and because breast cancer is affecting women younger and younger.  many moms out there have breast cancer with young children.  many young woman want to have children but somehow can t or have to postpone due to breast cancer.  there is too many young children out there with their mommies fighting breast cancer.

QUESTION ID: GC563HPNKR3MXTE
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you heal encephalopathy naturally .?
QUESTION CONTENT: its an inflamation of the brain caused by lyme disease.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7662
you don t, it requires medical attention and monitoring.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67499
see a rheumatologist...or a neurologist...if there is brain damage, then brain cells don t regenerate (in general)...Lyme disease linkshttp://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct/search;jsessionid=EC64391B77BBE6CCB6529963E0463C8F?term=lyme+disease&submit=Search (clinical trials for lyme disease..hit map tab for local trials)http://www.rarediseases.org/search/rdbdetail_abstract.html?disname=Lyme+Disease  (has local organizations listed)http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/001319.htm http://www3.niaid.nih.gov/research/topics/lyme/research/antibiotic/antibiotic.htmhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lyme_disease http://www.autoimmunityresearch.org/lyme-disease/ http://www.netdoctor.co.uk/diseases/facts/lymedisease.htm http://www.cdc.gov/ncidod/dvbid/lyme/index.htm  (cdc..more links on both sides of page)http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/CID/journal/issues/v43n9/40897/40897.html  ( specifics of doctor treatment info)http://www.geocities.com/HotSprings/Oasis/6455/lyme-links.html  (lots of links on lyme disease)http://www.woodlandkilns.com/borreliosis.htm  (scroll down for links on lyme disease)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67500
* Glycine encephalopathy - A pediatric metabolic disorder    * Hepatic encephalopathy -Arising from advanced cirrhosis of the liver    * Hypoxic encephalopathy - Permanent or transitory encephalopathy arising from severely reduced oxygen delivery to the brain    * Static encephalopathy - Unchanging, or permanent, brain damage    * Uremic encephalopathy - Arising from high levels of toxins normally cleared by the kidneys -- rare where dialysis is readily available    * Wernicke s encephalopathy - Arising from thiamine deficiency, usually in the setting of alcoholism    * Hashimoto s encephalopathy - Arising from an auto-immune disorder    * Hypertensive encephalopathy - Arising from acutely increased blood pressure    * Toxic-Metabolic encephalopathy - A catch-all for brain dysfunction caused by infection, organ failure, or intoxication.    * Transmissible spongiform encephalopathy - A collection of diseases all caused by prions, and characterized by spongy brain tissue (riddled with holes), impaired locomotion or coordination, and a high fatality rate. Includes bovine spongiform encephalopathy (mad cow disease), scrapie, and kuru among others.

QUESTION ID: GD74QUL18CHYRKC
QUESTION SUBJECT: How exactly do you know when you have a heart attack?
QUESTION CONTENT: Does your body go numb and you can t feel a thing and does your heart stop pumping? Or is there more to it than that?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 331
You will experience the symtoms of heart attack and this is how they determine if you did have one.A doctor who s studied the results of several tests must diagnose a heart attack. The doctor will    * review the patient s complete medical history.    * give a physical examination.    * use an electrocardiogram (e-lek tro-KAR de-o-gram) (ECG or EKG) to discover any abnormalities caused by damage to the heart. An ECG is a medical device that makes a graphical record of the heart s electrical activity.    * sometimes use a blood test to detect abnormal levels of certain enzymes in the bloodstream.Blood tests confirm (or refute) suspicions raised in the early stages of evaluation that may occur in an emergency room, intensive care unit or urgent care setting. These tests are sometimes called heart damage markers or cardiac enzymes.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12915
a good deal more to it than that, there is excruciating pain as well, often nausea and vomiting too, let s not forget profuse sweating either.  It is not a gentle cessation of the heart beating at all, that muscle is intended to beat, and when it stops or has problems, it hurts ALOT.

QUESTION ID: GDROYZCDWVEQABF
QUESTION SUBJECT: How could i get a book published?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2348
It s a long and involved process to get a book published, but you can go through the current Writer s Market to get an idea of how to get your book published. If you want, you can a vanity press, where publishing one s book is far easier than trying to publish with the bigger houses. The thing I tell people is to take a look at the books that is most like the book you are writing, then go to the copyright pages and make note of the publisher s information. You can review their submissions guidelines on their websites, but just to warn you, most of the major houses do not accept unsolicited manuscripts. I d strongly suggest getting an agent (you ll have to pay them a fee), but when and if a house solicits for manuscripts, literary agencies, like Writers House, are the ones they turn to.Most houses ask for a few sample chapters, and then a synopsis. You ll have to include a SASE with your submission so that the house can mail you a response. Expect some lag time between the time you send something out till the time you hear from a house. Editors are swamped, and submissions are usually read by editorial assistants who pull out the ones that they think their bosses may like. If an editor likes what you ve sent them, they ll ask for the full manuscript, and if they like THAT and decide to acquire your text, then you get to the good stuff, like signing a contract and figuring out your rights (as in rights for media, offering your book the UK, etc.). If you decide NOT to go with an agent, then I d suggest you have a lawyer who specializes in these types of things to review your contract for you.After that, everything sort of takes care of itself. Your editor will edit your book and you and s/he will go back and forth with the manuscript until it s ready for submission to Managing Editorial. Managing editors will handle getting your book copyedited, which you ll review. Designers will typeset your book, and you ll see first-pass pages/galleys (it ll look more like a book at this stage). You ll most likely only see two rounds of interior passes, and after that, you ll get your samples of the book! You may get a chance to review the jacket for input, but this doesn t always happen. The lead time for a hardcover book is 9 months to 1 year; for paperback, it can be as short as 5 to 6 months.I would encourage you to try paperback imprints, which DO publish original works. It s a good way in, and paperback editors are far more forgiving than hardcover ones. Once you build yourself up in paperback, you can switch to hardcover, like one of my authors did. The money isn t fabulous for paperback authors, but the potential to move to hardcover is great, if the manuscript is right.I strongly suggest you have someone edit your manuscript prior to submission. Make sure you have your spelling checked (grammar fixes would be helpful but not necessary; that s what the copyeditor is for!). Most, if not all, of the major houses use The Chicago Manual of Style, 15th edition, as a reference for grammar and style usages; Merriam-Webster s Collegiate Dictionary, 11th edition, for spellings.I hope this helps, and best of luck to you!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6764
self publishing works for the first timers.most companies will not take your book unless you have a good agent which cost money.try author house, talk to terry sprat.tell them i sent you.author of no more lies, by christal brown
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6765
go to:http://www.authorsguild.org
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67123
contact any publishers...if your bookkk is good they ll get back at you if its crap you die..

QUESTION ID: GE5RI4G8GOX4WZB
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is aperture refered to as slow/fast??
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 65047
Actually a lens is usually referred to as slow or fast . A fast lens is one with a large aperture such as f1.2 or f1.4 or f1.7 (depending on its focal length) and therefore a lot of light gathering ability. Very useful in low-light situations.A slow lens is one with an aperture of f4 or f5.6 as its maximum opening. With this lens you need more light to keep the shutter speed high or you need to use a tripod.Then there are zoom lenses. Most zoom lenses have a description something like this: 50-300mm f2.8/f5.6. What this means it that at 50mm the maximum aperture is f2.8 and at 300mm its f5.6. This is a variable aperture and is less expensive to produce. Then there are the zoom lenses with a constant aperture - its the same through the entire zoom range. It would be described as 50-300mm f2.8. A lens like this is very expensive to produce.The following is for purposes of illustration to show the f-stop/shutter speed relationship under constant lighting conditions and ISO:ISO 100, sunny dayf1.2/f1.4* @ 1/1000 secf2 @ 1/500 sec.f2.8 @ 1/250 sec.f4 @ 1/125 sec.f5.6 @ 1/60 sec.f8 @ 1/30 sec.f11 @ 1/15 sec.f16 @ 1/8 sec.As you can easily see, a zoom lens of f2.8/f5.6 loses 2 full stops on the shutter speed with all other things equal. Knowing this, you know that using a tripod is all but mandatory. The f2.8 constant aperture zoom retains the same shutter speed from 50mm to 300mm. That s why all the professional sports photographers are using them.* Although there is little difference between f1.2 and f1.4 in terms of shutter speed, the f1.2 is superior in low-light conditions because it provides a brighter viewfinder. I know this because I have a 58mm f1.2 lens and a 58mm f1.4 lens. Under the same lighting the viewfinder is brighter with the f1.2.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21021
A fast shutter speed is necessary when the lens has a high aperture.  To get the same exposure at a lower aperture you will have to use a slower shutter speed.

QUESTION ID: GFQKJG6RXM312D6
QUESTION SUBJECT: HELP! I need to study for high school finals! How did you do it??!!?
QUESTION CONTENT: OK i get mostly ALL A S in school, but I need to get good (B or higher) on all of my final exams.The classes I m taking areAmerican History on Film (we watch was movies and stuff)Accelerated GeometryAccelerated Language Arts (Romeo and Juliet, Of Mice and Men, GRAMMAR)and Accelerated Earth and Space ScienceI have finals this week, and I m nervous.Those of you who got GOOD grades on your finals, HOW DO YOU SUGGEST I STUDY FOR THE ABOVE CLASSES.PLZ HELP!!....thanks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5696
Here are suggestions.1. Have all of your materials ready and in the place that you are going to study.3. Study when its quiet. No music, no TV, No headphones, no nothing.4. Do your most difficult subject fist or else you may never get to it.5. Keep a calendar so that you know when a project is due or a test is going to be given.6. Vocabulary is very important. Words have different meanings. You need to know the meaning for the subject that you are taking.7. Study the relationship of things. How is the topic that you studied related to the unit that you are studying?8. Your textbook has hints for you. Many books have important words or phrases in darkened or colored type, make sure that you know them thoroughly.The sites below are excellent and will give you many other ideas about studying.http://www.d.umn.edu/kmc/student/loon/ac...http://www.studygs.net/http://www.ucc.vt.edu/stdysk/checklis.ht...http://www.ucc.vt.edu/stdysk/stdyhlp.htm...http://www.dartmouth.edu/~acskills/succe...http://www.dartmouth.edu/~acskills/succe...http://www.dartmouth.edu/~acskills/succe...http://www.dartmouth.edu/~acskills/succe...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5697
Well usually your teachers will give you some kind of study guide or review so look over that alot. Ya i have two more finals this week and i am going to look over my syudy guides so i am prepared :) -Good Luck and study,study,study :D

QUESTION ID: GG565J23HBMETEB
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people say health care is bad in Canada? it is not.?
QUESTION CONTENT: if u have a bad illness you see a doctor fast. You only wait 2 or 3 weeks if is not serious here in the US u will die if you dont have health insrance. on the rich can have it not us poor. Go Canada. Oh i am a US born person live here and need good heath care.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72592
It s just political brainwashing by folks who do not want any change in the U.S. health care system.The health care system in the U. S. is a joke.  I know, I live here and am speaking from experience.Our health care system is controlled by corporations and corrupt politicians, who are getting wealthy off of what we have now.   They want no change, and do not want us looking into any other systems.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59710
It s not so much that health care in Canada is bad, the MODEL is. It does result in rationed care and the system IS going broke: Comparing Canada with other industrialized countries in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) that provide universal access to health care, a study released by The Fraser Institute in May revealed that Canada spends more on its system than other nations while ranking among the lowest in several key indicators, such as access to physicians, quality of medical equipment, and key health outcomes. ...In 1999, Richard F. Davies, MD, described how delays affected Ontario heart patients scheduled for coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. In a single year, for this one operation, 71 patients died before surgery and another 121 were removed from the list permanently because they had become medically unfit for surgery; 44 left Ontario and had their CABG elsewhere, such as in the USA. In other words, 192 people either died or were too sick to have surgery before they worked their way to the front of the waiting line. One of the reasons Canadians are slow to acknowledge the problems with their system is that general practitioners have been relatively easy to access and reasonably efficient at providing everyday services for common complaints, such as colds, sprains, aches and pains. As time passes, however, more and more Canadians are confronted by the halting quality of their system when they face complex and expensive medical problems. They often cannot get timely or appropriate care for bone fractures, prompt treatment for cancer, or non-emergency surgery such as hip replacements. Their doctors complain that they are unable to help them and the government pleads shortage of funds. ...Canadian physician frustration with their inability to provide quality and timely care is resulting in a brain drain. According to one poll, one in three Canadian doctors is considering leaving the country. A doctor shortage looms, as the nation falls 500 doctors a year short of the 2,500 new physicians it needs to add each year to meet national health needs, according to Sally Pipes, a policy expert formerly with the Canadian Fraser Institute. Another casualty of the lengthy waiting periods is Canada s much-vaunted equal access to medical treatment. Even though medical emergencies allow some people to jump ahead in the waiting line ??? making others wait longer ??? a survey published in the Annals of Internal Medicine medical journal found that more than 90 percent of heart specialists had been involved in the care of a patient who received preferential access to cardiac care based on non-medical reasons including the patient s social standing or personal connections with the treating physician. Jewish World Review June 11, 2004 written by Dr. CihakAND The biggest Canadian fiscal drain comes from the single-payer medical system. Current model of health-care delivery leading us down the path to financial ruin, states the lead editorial in the Calgary Sun. Health-care costs would consume 50% of Alberta s budget by 2016 (according to the Fraser Institute) or 2017 (according to Aon Consulting, a firm hired by the Alberta government). Health care would devour 100% of the provincial budget by 2030, if present trends continue. ...An estimated 90,000 Canadians sought medical care outside their country in 2005. The cry no two-tiered system could be replaced by set our patients free, stated a lead editorial (National Post 9/18/06). Jewish World Review Dec. 1, 2006 by Dr. GlueckSo why no total collapse yet? Because ???illegal, for-profit health-service centers??? have ???proliferated??? in Canada and are so accepted that the head of one became the president of the Canadian Medical Association (???Individual Freedom vs. Government Control,??? 1 August 2007, nationalreview.com).Note how allowing some private health careis essential for the Canadian people. If the US would get the government out of micromanaging our care AND reduce the breaks and interference of third party payers (insurance) we would have accessible, affordable care.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65271
Have you watched the movie Sicko by Michael Moore? It really makes Canada s health care system look so great! It s about the USA s health care and it s a excellent movie. Some Americans think that our country stinks just because we are Canadian...It s wacked!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65272
yup.i live in canada and altho we ve had some changes to our health care system, it is still one of the bests, as it takes care of everyone.  no one needs to dye, because they just can t afford it.we pay alot in taxes to cover everyone.  and ppl will criticize what about the ppl that are too lazy to work or whatever and sitting on welfarewell, if you suddenly lost everything and your child got really sick, wouldn t u be glad u paid for everyone else too?anyway..we now have longer lines to get serious operations done.  my husband had an aneurysm, thatwas about to blow, it was past the normal size that they recommend operating on.  he found out in march, and din t have it operated on until december.  he even got pushed back because someone came in with heart blockages.  aneurysms are considered artery not heart.anyway, glad to say he s doing fine, and i m glad because 8 months later he had to go for a triple bipass and another aneurysm surgury, and i din t have to pay anything.and i twas hard enough because he was out of work for so long we ended up on social assistance.  but now we re both working and contributing to the system that saved his life.

QUESTION ID: GH0XFJ7ML3DT4DF
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do i wake up with my heart beating fast?
QUESTION CONTENT: this sometimes happens when i take naps, i wake up scared or like choking on my saliva and coughing, or my heart beats fast...but most of all i wake up scared..why?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88
I do that a lot.  I ll wake up with just the feeling of fear, even though I can t remember having a nightmare.  I just think it s my brain doing weird stuff when I m asleep.  Emotions are produced when your brain releases certain chemicals.  I assume that it can happen by accident or for intangible purposes.  They come and go.Everybody wakes up with saliva running from their mouth.  But, if you re choking and coughing on it, then it could be something related to your breathing.  You might have that disease that keeps you from breathing in your sleep (i forget the name of it (sleep apnea?))  Or you might have asthma, or something affecting your lungs.  That would be like dust, second-hand smoke or if you re a smoker yourself obviously.  I know somebody who runs an air filterer in their bedroom at night to make them breathe better.If your heart s beating fast, that could be related to the fear thing, or the breathing thing if your throat is being blocked.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50849
Saturated fat is the main dietary cause of high blood cholesterol. Saturated fat is found mostly in foods from animals and some plants. Foods from animals include beef, beef fat, veal, lamb, pork, lard, poultry fat, butter, cream, milk, cheeses and other dairy products made from whole and 2 percent milk. All of these foods also contain dietary cholesterol. Foods from plants that contain saturated fat include coconut, coconut oil, palm oil and palm kernel oil (often called tropical oils), and cocoa butter.High cholesterol causes high blood pressure. The best thing for high cholesterol is Losing weight.

QUESTION ID: GHPEHEE5ZC42SHP
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why was a day divided into 24 hours and not some other number?
QUESTION CONTENT: The French once wanted to change it to a decimal system with 10 hours, but who chose the 24?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73229
Short answer: The Babylonians, who liked to divide things by 2, 3 and 4, and divided the day into 12 hours and the night into 12 hours.Long answer:hour (h or hr) [1]a traditional unit of time, equal to 60 minutes, or 3600 seconds, or 1/24 day. The custom of dividing the daylight into 12 hours goes back at least as far as the Babylonians, who liked to divide units by 12 because groups of 12 are easily divided into halves, thirds, or fourths. Originally an hour was 1/12 of the time between sunrise and sunset, so summer hours were longer than winter hours. Later, when people wanted to express times at night, it was natural to divide the night into 12 hours as well, making 24 hours in the day. Only after the invention of mechanical clocks, around 1300, did hours became equal intervals marked by clocks. The word comes from an ancient Greek word hora which originally meant a season, especially a religious season, and hence a defined period of time. In the Christian church hora came to mean one of the services held at seven specific times during the day, thus establishing the word as marking subdivisions of the day.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21867
Because there are 24 hours in a day
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21868
The Earth s day has increased in length over time. The original length of one day, when the Earth was new about 4.5 billion years ago, was about six hours as determined by computer simulation. It was 21.9 hours 620 million years ago as recorded by rhythmites (alternating layers in sandstone). This phenomenon is due to tides raised by the Moon which slow Earth s rotation. Because of the way the second is defined, the mean length of a day is now about 86,400.002 seconds, and is increasing by about 1.7 milliseconds per century (an average over the last 2700 years).

QUESTION ID: GICGPIT4UW7WF3Z
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 12526
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8128
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26680
miguel is correct, you can also do a yahoo search or use the search bar to find this out also.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26681
When light comes from the sun, it s originally traveling through space as white light (which includes all possible colors).  When it enters the Earth s atmosphere, the light hits the air around us and is partially deflected.  Think of it like when you jump in the pool.  You move from the air (low resistance) into water (high resistance).  Going from space (lowest resistance) to air (more resistance) there s a force there to reflect some of the light.  Because of the composition of our atmosphere, blue light can pass through and other lights are reflected.  This also accounts for why the sun sometimes appears as a different color (like red at sunset, and yellowish during the day).  Depending on the angle of the sun, it will reflect different colors of light, and let others through.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26682
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48686
look up albert einsteins discoveries!

QUESTION ID: GISPKCIQXCATMKF
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do cut trees drink?
QUESTION CONTENT: When Christmas trees are cut and placed in water, does the tree absorb the water uniformly across the bottom of the stump? Through the middle of the Tree? Through the outside rings only? Just below the bark?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 24243
They don t actually drink when they are cut like that, they just postpone the bottom from drying out and becoming brittle faster, although it seems the water goes away and you have to refill it often, what is actually absorbed into the branches is very little, which is why there is shedding of needles. And check the bottom of the cut flat area for a slimy-like layer, it works like a bandaid, and less water will be absorbed.For the tree to drink, they have to have feeders (which are the thinner webbings of roots attached to the larger roots) to absorb the water so it can then travel through each of the rings of the tree up to the branches. Even damaged roots won t drink as much if it is trying to repair itself from a surface wound,which is easily done by running a lawn mower over exposed roots of older trees that have too little soil around them.Each ring represents a season, you can actually tell how much water it got each year by the spaces between each ring, outter layers are the newest season
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75566
Only in the vessels in the living ring just under the bark.  This is similar to putting cut flowers in a vase of water.  If one wanted to experiment, just add food coloring to the water and as the tree transpires, the water absorbed will travel up the tree and stain the vessels.  You can then take various slices of the tree after the season is done to tell where the water went.This is like putting a stalk of celery in a glass with food dyed water.

QUESTION ID: GJYK13NJSJFNGWR
QUESTION SUBJECT: What is the meaning of life and how can we life up to out human potential?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8586
you are the only one who can give a meaning to your life.Remember Davinci, that s a probe of what human potencial means.Some people might describe that as the HOMO-UNIVERSALIS 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28341
The meaning of life differs for everybody....we all have our own dreams n desires tht we want to acheive n this gives a meaning to our lifeWe never get to know our real potencial unless we r challengedSo be proactive n go after ur dreams........
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28342
Life has no meaning at all until you ask if it has.And in asking you will realize that the values or meaning you give to life is valuable only to yourself but not applicable to others.None of us know  whence we came from and no one knows whence they will go at death.But some world philosophies(religions?)have it that life has no begining nor does it end and has always been here.In which case the meaning of life(whatever it is) would differ from the one who knows that he/she is born and will dieThe human being and the animal all procreate,eat food,then die.We cannot tell whether the questions we are asking about life are also being asked by other living organisms.But surely, since life is all encompassing,any meaning of life must include the whole creation i.e animals,plant,birds, insects, etc.A lot of us would define life as engagement in human labor which has financial reward,  which will enable us pay for our food,clothes,cars, a house.So life is about making money.A greater part of human endeavor is pursuit of money.Others will put great value in the consumation of  bodily/mental pleasures eg sex,drink,music and travel.Still others seek knowledge of every kind.Some so as to have a better tool to make money with, others for status,others for the service of mankind,others for self fulfilment.And then there are those that seek higher meaning which I term God.Again all these people can describe and explain life from an individual perspective rather thana universal one.Given a few years that man can live, lets say an average of 100 years, the possibility of living out his human potential is very minimal.I vouschafe even if he was graced with 1000 years more, the likelihood of man finding the meaning of life is naught.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28343
The fact that you are asking this question means that there is something inbuilt which draws us to something greater, life as we know it is incomplete and we will always feel it as this way so long as we have not become whole. I have a found that the only way to be whole is through Christ, but I wish I could tell you all about it and thene you would be satisfied, that will not work, the answer to completeness is NOT different for everyone but I do think that everone will realize it differently. Yet there is hope, God says in the bible that all those whose seek him will find him and if you truly seek him with alal of your heart then you will be able to find him. Humble yourself in the sight of the Lord somehow you must come to the conclusion that you aren t perfect, need God, and know that the only way to get to God is through Jesus s sacrifice for you since you are not perfect enough to make that sacrifice yourself, then tell God this and that you want to be forgiven for the imperfection that is in you and that He cannot tolerate as a perfect being, and that you do not want to be seperated from Him anymore nor feel the incompletness that goes along with that. Life is not perfect anytime until we are with Christ in heaven but it can have purpose and meaning...and peace. Once you have found Christ He shows you your full potential through your relationship with him. Do not stop wondering, do not give up, there are answers out there and you do have a purpose that IS attainable. All things work for a logical end and purpose because God is a God of logic, this includes your existence.

QUESTION ID: GKQJLKM1LG2S0Q2
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I teach somebody algebra?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76774
I believe the best way to teach someone algebra is to focus on the core skills, and make sure that this person has mastered each skill, one at a time.First you need to be sure that this person has mastered all the key math skills leading up to algebra, including:multiplication, division, addition, and subtraction; fractions; order of operations; negative numbers;commutative property  5 + 6 = 6 + 5; anddistributive property  2*(10 + 4) = 2*10 + 2*4If the student doesn t master these skills before moving forward, math will forever be a frustrating and difficult subject.A common mistake many people make in teaching algebra is not appreciating all the new concepts that one needs to understand before handling even the easiest problems.  Math can be easy for most students if you teach one skill at a time, and give them a chance to practice and master each skill before moving on.I ve tutored many students, and this is the approach I ve used successfully.  I give many, many example problems until I know a skill is fully mastered before moving to the next skill.  I usually follow this sequence of topics:1.  The symbol for multiplication is no longer an X X is used as a variable in algebra, so students have to stop thinking of it as a multiplication sign.  Give problems using a dot as the multiplication sign.[MANY practice problems]2. The inverse of operations:  How do you undo an operation?27 + 3If you want to get the 27 alone, how do you get rid of the 3?The opposite of addition is subtraction, so you subtract 3:27 + 3 - 3 = 27And other operations:27 - 3 27 * 327 / 3[MANY practice problems]3. Handling unknown variablesVariables are a new concept, so many students get scared when dealing with letters in math.Begin with easy questions that they re familiar with:5 * 4 = X;  find X21 + 4 = X;  find X[MANY practice problems]4. Some harder problems with variables, still not using algebra yetX + 4 = 6; find X(What number plus 4 is 6?)X * 3 = 12; find X(What number times 3 is 12?)[MANY practice problems]5. Solving those same easy problems using algebra by performing the same operation to both sides of an equation in order to get X alone.X + 4 = 6; find XYou want to get X alone, so you undo the +4 by subtracting FROM BOTH SIDESX + 4 - 4 = 6 - 4X = 2[MANY practice problems]6. Handling multiple operations:  Undo the addition or subtraction first, then the multiplication or division.4*X + 15 = 23You want to get X alone, so you subtract 15 from both sides:4*X + 15 - 15 = 23 - 154*X = 8Then divide both sides by 4:4*X/4 = 8/4X = 2[MANY practice problems]Mastering this level of basic algebra takes the brightest students less than 30 minutes.  Any student who has already mastered all the pre-algebra skills can master basic algebra through skill 5 in under an hour.  Skill 6 can take a few hours of practice.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18378
Programming in BASIC helped me a lot with algebra when I was young.

QUESTION ID: GNCUFD55DI1KUIV
QUESTION SUBJECT: how many protons and newtrons are in magnesium?
QUESTION CONTENT: please answer!!! =-]
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73715
Magnesium is listed in the periodic table as having the following properties:Symbol: MgAtomic number: 12Atomic weight: 24.3050The atomic number is the same as the number of protons. The atomic weight is the number of protons plus the average number of neutrons found in magnesium nuclei in nature (with a small correction mostly due to the fact that the binding energy of the nucleus is included in its mass via E=mc^2). Most naturally occurring Magnesium atoms (about 80% of them) have 12 neutrons, while 10% have 13 neutrons and 10% have 14 neutrons. The different numbers of neutrons indicate the different isotopes of Magnesium. The chemical properties of Magnesium depend (nearly) entirely on the electrons, and therefore depend on how many protons there are, and not how many neutrons; add extra neutrons and it s still Magnesium , but it may weigh more. A handbook of chemistry and physics lists all isotopes with between 8 and 16 neutrons. All except the three naturally occurring isotopes are radioactive and decay to other nuclei. http://van.hep.uiuc.edu/van/qa/section/Everything_Else/The_Elements/20021026080623.htm These links will help you understand the concepts more nicely.http://www.crocodile-clips.com/absorb/AC4/sample/LR303.htmlhttp://van.hep.uiuc.edu/van/qa/section/New_and_Exciting_Physics/Inside_the_Atom/982893827.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22367
The atomic weight is 24.30.Is is atom #12 so there are 12 protons.(24-12)= 12 neutrons also.

QUESTION ID: GO1RT3RG7MSFS54
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does chemotherapy cause so much uncomfort in who it undergoes?
QUESTION CONTENT: -Hair loss-Nausea and vomiting-Diarrhea or constipation-Anemia-Depression of the immune system hence (potentially lethal) infections and sepsis-Hemorrhage-Secondary neoplasms-Cardiotoxicity-Hepatotoxicity-Nephrotoxicity
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85303
Because it is a seriously toxic drug.  It kills cells, thats what its designed to do.  The only trouble is that it cannot tell the difference between a cancer cell and an ordinary cell;
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38250
Well, those are just some of the symptoms . . they don t happen to everyone. Some people just have a harder time with chemo than others. The important thing here is that cancer kills you. It can be very fast, aggressive, and overwhelm the body. The choice most people have is . . do you treat the cancer and have a chance at life . . or do nothing, and you will die . . we have had family members decide not to undergo treatment for breast cancer. And, right on schedule she died. She did try alternatives . . but nothing she tried could stop the natural progression of the disease.On the other hand, my 17 year old son was diagnosed with stage IV abdominal sarcoma. He had extensive and multiple tumors throughout the body. He had lympth node involvement, malignant ascites (fluid built up within the abdomen), a primary tumor over 19cm, multiple smaller tumors on the larger and small intestine, a tumor in the spleen, chest wall tumors, tumors on the liver, in the lung, and a solid cake of tumor on the right diaphragm. My son was given a choice . . with no guarantees. He could go home with no treatment at all or he could stay in the hospital and fight his disease.He decided to undergo high dose chemotherapy, with no guarantee that it would work. In the first month of chemo he had a response. The tumors literally shrunk, his heart which had been pushed out of place by the largest tumor was able to fall back into the proper place. Another round of chemo and he was able to finally eat more than 2 bites of food at a meal. By the fourth round of high dose chemotherapy my son had significant response and his primary tumor shrunk 75% from a volley ball size to a grapefruit. Other tumors not only shrunk but many completely disappeared. Chemotherapy was working. And, with that response he suddenly became a candidate for surgery.So, yes chemotherapy causes some discomfort for some patients, but there are medications to help you through that. The discomfort is also temporary and occurs only during treatment. When my son isn t taking chemotherapy he does everything that he s always done. He was able to finish high school and graduate with his class. His quality of life is excellent (he shows no side effects at all - he has no pain and looks great) . . all because he took a chance with high dose chemotherapy. It literally saved his life, without it he would not have survived more than a few weeks or months.Chemo may be a poison, it is definitely the heavy guns of medicine . . but you need chemotherapy for the quickest and best possible means to survive . . . because left untreated cancer is a hundred times worse. I have seen what happens to the kids who cannot stop this disease and it would break your heart the suffering they undergo.With a disease this nasty you need to bring out the heavy artillary. It may be the only chance you ll ever get to live.http://www.uhrad.com/pedsarc/peds013.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38251
believe it or not , it doesnt do that to everyone , my son took chemo and he had no side effects at all , i mean none , it was like he wasnt even on it , my aunt only had hair loss and nausa , my other aunt was exhausted , had nausea , and mild hair loss. it depends on the person and the cancer . my son and both aunts did lose thier battles with cancer , but cancer and chemo are both very personal , no 2 people react the same.

QUESTION ID: GORE0B5MW8DGBGZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why can t a praying mantis be enlarged 80 times its size and survive?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69170
A giant mantis has two reasons not to survive.To sum the consequenses up, a giant prayer mantis has difficulty taking in oxygen; cannot fly; and will collapse.The first, the oxygen thing. Just as the previous answer indicates, insects intake oxygen via diffusion.Picture a room with perfect still air, like a cellar. Suppose you put an open bottle of perfume at one end of the room. Some time later, you can smell the perfume at the other end of the room. There s no air current in the room to bring the fragrant to you. It s the perfume molecules, they wander around randomly. Some of them find their way into your nostrils so you can smell them. You will be able to smell the perfume sooner in a smaller room because the molecules have to wander through a shorter distance.The blood of insects does not carry oxygen, they have a series of air-filled tubes (called trachea, plural tracheae) all over their body, opening to some port-holes (called spiracles) along their abdomen. Most of insects are so small that the oxygen molecules, once entered the spiracles (port-holes), don t have long to wander along the tubes before reaching their destination -- the organs where they are consumed. Now, suppose thesame insect is enlarged 80 times its length. The airway is also enlonged 80 times. It would take a LOT more time for oxygen to wander along this super long tube. During that time, the organs would have consumed all the oxygen around them without new oxygen coming in. So they die, and the insect dying with them.However this is only the case for small insects. Larger insects actually have air-bags withing their body to make a breeze along their tracheae (air tubes) to bring in oxygen. Quoting from the sourse page, Larger insects, such as grasshoppers and wasps, have internal air sacs connected to their tracheae. These insects speed up their gas exchange by squeezing the sacs to make them suck air in from outside. I ve no idea whether a prayer mantis has air sacs or not, but I ve seen one bigger than any grasshoppers or wasps I ever saw. Nevertheless, a giant prayer mantis would need much more powerful air sacs than the grasshoppers .Now come to the second reason. Size. We will look at the two consequences of a super-huge size seperately.Think of a car on a highway. It can drive over 100 feet in a matter of seconds -- let s say 2 seconds, so it s speed is 50 feet per second. Now the car shrinks to the size of a prayer mantis. In the same 2 seconds, how far can it drive now? 1 feet, more or less, so it s speed is 0.5 feet per second. We see that the mini car is much slower. But the driver, who shrank with the car, he thinks he s driving as fast! Now think of the mantis, and think of a helicopter. The mantis flies much slower than the helicopter, just like the mini car is slower than the real car. And we have it that the faster things move through the air, the more resistance they experience. The helicopter flies fast, so its shape must be streamlined, as to reduce air resistance. The prayer mantis flies slow, so he doesn t care much about air resistance, he can have any cool shape he desires. But for a giant mantis? He would move much faster, and experience so muchair resistance that with his cool shape (not much streamlined) he won t be able to fly at all.Let s face the second consequence. Has anyone ever made a jelly block 5 feet long, 5 feet wide and 5 feet high? What will happen if such a giant jelly is constructed? It would collapse right away and flow like water. But any half-inch long, half-inch wide, half-inch high jelly block would stay all right in one s spoon. What happens when the jelly grows in size? For each bit of jelly in the bottom, there s simply much more jelly on top of it! And when that bit of jelly can no longer bear the burden, it breaks itself and flow away so that it won t have to support any more. So the jelly above it falls down, and the same thing happens to it, and the whole block of giant jelly collapses. It s the same case with the giant mantis. If he is made of the same material as his smaller brothers, his feet simply can t bear the extra weight, and they fell apart. So are his knees, abdomen, wings, neck, head... and he collapses under his own weight!To get around that, we can either use harder materials, like diamonds, or make the body lighter, so that the feet won t have to bear so much weight. In other words, the density of the body ought to be smaller. For an 80-time-size mantis, his density ought to be 1/80^3 the desity of a regular mantis. The answer before the last mentioned something about density but unfortunately he got to the other end. Either way however you won t have a prayer mantis any more.So to sum it up, a giant prayer mantis has difficulty taking in oxygen; cannot fly; and will collapse under his own weight.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16615
They have a huge food requirement.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24798
Gravity would crush it. The exoskeleton couldn t support its own weight.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24799
You probably could, if there was more oxygen in the atmosphere.The sizes of organisms of earth are more or less restricted by the amount of oxygen gas in the atmosphere. There were times in the history of earth when more oxygen was present than is the situation now. Oxygen levels in the Devonian and Caboniferous periods were as high as 35% (it s around 20% now). During those times millipede like organisms got over 6 feet long. Dragon fly-like insects were as big as modern ravens. So, a praying mantis 80 times bigger than now (approximately 20 foot long) might be a bit of stretch, but I ll bet one 5-6 feet long (25 times bigger) is not out of the question.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24800
So far, all answers have some truth, but not all. The size of all insects is limited by the amount of oxygen they can get, and more oxygen in the air would help. Butthe reason they could not get oxygen if they were bigger is that they don t have lungs like other animals. Most lungs use pressure to cause air to go in and out, but insects lungs only use diffusion. They have spiracles, which are basically just tubes going into the body. The air just passes through, but if they were too big, they would not be able to have enough air going into them. It is sort of like a long tunnel with only one opening, eventually the air will become stale.

QUESTION ID: GOXVA8ARC64ZZBB
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to quit smoking?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87336
You can quit smoking, and here are some tips to help you get started today!- Throw away any cigarettes that you have left. Having them there in your sight will make it so much harder to quit smoking. - Try using gum or candy every time you feel the need to smoke. If this doesn???t work, you can try medical products like nicotine gums or patches to help you quit smoking. - When you feel the need for a cigarette, take deep breaths for about 3 to 4 minutes. (Don???t hyperventilate, just breathe slowly.) - Keep a journal about your attempt to quit smoking. Looking back over it will motivate you to keep going, especially if you see how hard you???ve worked. - When you think you want to smoke, take a ten minute walk. Think about how hard you???ve tried and what you have accomplished. Think of your children, or your spouse, or any other reason you have to quit smoking. - Often, the habit of smoking is missed more because you have nothing to do with your hands. It???s psychological. Try doing something with your hands while you quit, such as crocheting, learning to play the guitar, or drawing. - Contact a support group. Going through this can be hard, and speaking to other people who are going through it as well or have already gone through it can make it easier. It???s nice to vent your feelings to someone who will understand exactly what you mean. One of the things to keep in mind is that you can think of all the good reasons to quit smoking, even including the fact that your hair and your clothes smell like smoke long after you ve finished that cigarette. You can tell yourself that you are doing it for other people, but the most successful reason to quit smoking is to do it for YOU. That s right, do it for yourself, for your health, to reduce your expenses, for all of those reasons. If you do it for YOU instead of totally for someone else, the chances that you will stick to it is much greater, because you will hold yourself accountable to YOU.Only if you have the WILL POWER you can achieve quitting of smoking.You will be so glad when you are able to kick this habit. The feeling of achievement is something that you will never lose. You will be healthier, happier, and proud. Get started today and good luck. You can do it!-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45267
Do you really want to quit? If you re not 100% dedicated to quitting, it ll never work. Yeah, there s gum and patches and medicine, and all that other stuff, but you need the will power. Otherwise nothing will work, no matter how hard you try.Best of luck on quitting!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45268
Word has it, that trying to quit smoking is one of hardest addictions to accomplish. First off try cutting back slow. Cold turkey won t work. ! It s just to difficult to do by yourself.Second, try hanging around friends that don t smoke. stay away from bar s&nightclubs etc.Third, go to a doctor for better advice.  Good Luck and Godspeed.

QUESTION ID: GSIOCEOGO6TS0TQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to avoid cancer in the human body?
QUESTION CONTENT: you may wonder why american people are most people who are suffering from cancer , cyst , colon cancer , skin disease and others....WHY?? BEEF meat Burger , steak , Fries (mcdonald&other fastfood chain  (Tallow or Beef oil being used ) beef is = Virus BoosterBeef information is not being publish in the health, because it will kill the cow market and industry.Shrimp and crab are also secondary virus booster.at least you have known these info, you want to know more or curious and not convince?? or want proof? or testing??   email me, amigolee_r@yahoo.comAND share this information to person you care and love , or other people. SAVE life
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54845
When you find the answer to that question you would not be able to count your money without thousands of people looking over your shoulder. Cancer was even prevalient during ShakeSpear s time. I know it has to be generic. But then you ask how can some people live to be well over 100. One lady in Russa lived to be 126 yrs.old. Documented!I told one of my doctors many, many years ago that I was ate up with cancer but you experts in the Medical Profession cannot find it. LOL. Even my Urologist died at 37, guess what? from Kidney cancer. His son now has his practive. Mel Duggan, was his name. Looked great, but next time I called for an appointment he was as dead, as dead can get. I don t understand, and never will I ever understand.   I did not want to mention this but maybe an Urologist is on-line. I had my P checked 24 months ago at it was 4.2.My PCP sent me to an Urologist and sure enough out of 13 bi-ops taken I had one cancer core with 5% involvement whatever that means. Six months later I went back and my PSA level was 6.3. The left side of the gland was clean. Now instead of an operation which I thought I was to have he has placed me on the active survelliance list. So I go back on November 11th to get anothr PSA test. he says that it is still contained in the gland, but how in the hell does he know. I think he is delaying the operation due to other problems, and the problems I had coming out of my last two surgeries, knee, and cyst on back. I have a friend I gruaduated with that is an MD in another city not far from me. I am going to talk with him and see if I can get an opinion on what to do. The Urologist will give you your options but will not tell you you should do this.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69855
Cancer crosses all borders. It is not exclusive to Americans at all. In fact according to the 2007 statistics Americans with cancer are declining due to public awareness and better treatment. Countries that are struggling with cancer are lower income that do not have access to good healthcare.US Cancer Deaths Down for Second Year Recent Declines No Fluke http://www.cancer.org/docroot/NWS/content/NWS_1_1x_Cancer_Deaths_Down_Again.aspNo one needs to contact you for this information. It is available free on the American Cancer Society website:ACS Guidelines for Eating Well and Being Activehttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/PED/ped_3_1x_ACS_Guidelines.asp?sitearea=PEDEating Lots of Red Meat Linked to Colon Cancer Risk Less Than That Posed by Obesity http://www.cancer.org/docroot/NWS/content/NWS_1_1x_Eating_Lots_of_Red_Meat_Linked_to_Colon_Cancer.asp2007 Statistics on Cancer Rates in Ushttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/stt/stt_0.asp

QUESTION ID: GU6TCZEIZP1FV03
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you wake up easily?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have problems getting up. No matter what time I go to bed. I have a bad habit of sleeping through my alarms or snoozing them when I am not fully awake. The damn things stop going off and . . .boom . . .I sleep in. Any suggestions?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78047
I would suggest you get a sleep study done. It sounds like you are exhaused even after a good nights sleep.Sleep studies are tests that watch what happens to your body during sleep. The studies are done to find out what is causing your sleep problems. Sleep problems include:Sleep apnea, when an adult regularly stops breathing during sleep for 10 seconds or longer. This may be caused by blocked airflow during sleep, such as from narrowed airways. Or it may be caused by a problem with how the brain signals the breathing muscles to work. Problems staying awake, such as narcolepsy. Problems with nighttime behaviors, such as sleepwalking, night terrors, or bed-wetting. Problems sleeping at night (insomnia). This may be caused by conditions such as periodic limb movement disorder, which is an intense urge to move the legs. Sleep studies can also determine whether you have a problem with your stages of sleep. The two stages of sleep are non-rapid eye movement (NREM) and rapid eye movement (REM). Normally, NREM and REM alternate 4to 5 times during a night s sleep. A change in this cycle may make it hard for you to sleep soundly.The most common sleep studies are:Polysomnogram. This test records several body functions during sleep, including brain activity, eye movement, oxygen and carbon dioxide blood levels, heart rate and rhythm, breathing rate and rhythm, the flow of air through your mouth and nose, snoring, body muscle movements, and chest and belly movement. Multiple sleep latency test (MSLT). This test measures how long it takes you to fall asleep. A video camera is used to record movements during sleep. Multiple wake test (MWT). This test measures whether you can stay awake during a time when you are normally awake. Sleep studies usually are done in a sleep lab. Sleep labs are often located in hospitals.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30687
Well, I place my alarm clock across the room from my bed, so I have to get up to turn it off.  Also, there is an alarm clock you can buy which automatically moves to a different place every time, so you have to find it to turn it off.

QUESTION ID: GX6BYPXX6O6WY35
QUESTION SUBJECT: Please help! How to hide....?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am 14 years old, 5 3 and 143 lbs. I am fat. I know that. This is not another one of those Am I Fat?? questions although I have asked one in the past. What I m saying is that I want to be anorexic. Don t come on here and say, Don t be retarded! Nobody wants this! Listen to what I have to say. I don t want to end up being 90 lbs, 100 lbs, or even 110 lbs. I want to be 120 lbs. and the only way I can do it is to starve myself. So I guess that isn t really anorexia. It s starvation. Anyway, my point is that I don t know how to hide starving myself from my friends. I have the greatest friends on the planet, and the only problem with that is that they care too much about me. They would never let me be anorexic, or starve myself - they see it as the same thing. So does anyone know how to hide it from my parents, relatives and friends?? Please help??Please don t give me stupid answers. I don t want to hear rude answers or people telling me not to be ridiculous.Thanks in advance.You guys aren t helping! Answer the question! How do I hide it?Aughh!! No one has really helped except a couple of people! I want to clear something up though - I am not going to be one of those creepy, really skinny emaciated girls who die from anorexia. You d have to have a goal of a heck of a lot less than 120 lbs. for Pity s sake.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15681
ok so i know u said u dont want this kind of advice, but just hear me out okay?the starvation diet ur planning would probably work. in 2-3 weeks you d be ur ideal weight or watever. Then wat? the minute you get there and decide, okay, i can eat again, ur going to balloon up to 160 pounds or something. this is because ur body will have learned to be incredibly efficient in storing every single calorie you ate, because it really did think it was starving. so none of the calories u eat when u start eating again will be burned, they ll all be stored as fat. not good, u ll just end up fatter!sooo....the only way to actually lose the weight and to keep it off is not to diet.eat healthy. no more sodas. no mored fried foods. limit urself to one small dessert everyday. eat a lot of fresh fruits and vegetables. drink skim milk, eat lowfat cheese and yogurt. and eat whole grains.and....EXERCISE :) thats the only way to really lose weight. start walking for 30-45 minutes everyday. and do a strong pace, but one that u can hold for that long. as this becomes easier, start jogging for 10-15 minutes, then walk the rest.then start jogging 15-25 minutes, then walk the rest...and on and on until ur jogging the entire thing, u dont have to sprint, just a nice jog.or if jogging isn t ur thing, try swimming laps for 45-60 minutes, but be careful, swimming makes u hungry.dont like swimming? get on a bike, or an elliptical. just get your heart rate up for at least 30 minutes a day.and start doing crunches and pushups at night.start off doing 2 sets of 25 crunches and 2 sets of, maybe 10 pushups (u can do them off ur knees to start off)and just increase those numbers steadily.i know i didn t exactly answer ur question, but honestly the method ur trying to use really won t work, and im not just saying that cuz i dont want u to starve urself, im being serious.try going towww.sparkteens.comthey ll give u workout ideas, a log to track ur workouts, as well as diets to follow.good luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55896
Honey, simply starving yourself is not productive.Your body s metabolism will slow-down if you starve yourself. You must have a balanced method of healthy eating, cardio exercise and weight lifting.There are no shortcuts...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55900
Before you go and do anything, read my past answer to understand how your body process food.  It s pretty long.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55901
i dont think starving your self is a very wise option, your right tho maybe about cutting down.just eat less but you have to eat something-your body needs some food to store as energy or it will not function, maybe just have small portions regularly and try some exercise to - cardio is the best way to lose unwanted fat.... go for a run? or even have a dance -its fun and can burn off alot of calories and fat.and also when you starve yourself it will make your body get into a habit -of being hungry - so that when you do it your body will panic and use all the fat and cals n nutrients becus it wont know when it will get fed again - it is honestly best to eat little but often, that way your body will only take what it needs. otherwise all the weight you may have lost will come back fast!there are also lots of side effects of starving yourself hun, if you did it could stop you menstrating and can lead to infertility!! so best thing to do hun is to eat bare minimum - but foods with high energy count such as carbohydrates - pasta etc..... and exercise....please dont starve yourself you will regret it later hope iv helped you
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55902
 You guys aren t helping......how do i hide it .No upstanding and caring person is going to tell you how to hide it because it s not something that is good for you!We can offer advice. You can loose the weight without starving yourself. It s all in the mind, you just have to commit to a program. Diet and exercise. You need to talk to a consular and then a nutritionist. Work on your self-esteem.  I know you can do it. You can accomplish anything you put your mind to, I PROMISE. Good Luck!!

QUESTION ID: GXFEGL30L5ICJI3
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many lives are approximately saved a year, due to chemotherapy?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 901
This depends on what you mean. For example chemotherapy is rarely used as the only treatment for cancer. In general there are three major modalities . . all used in conjunction with each other. Each of the three tackle a different aspect of cancer depending on the type, stage and grade of tumor. Not all cancers require chemotherapy, especially early stage with a low grade tumor (squamous cell cancers). So . .it is difficult to estimate exactly what percentage of survivors were saved strictly by using chemotherapy.Anyway here is the break down . . . many cancers are treated using a combination . . either together or as single agents or all three . . using chemotherapy, radiation, and surgery. Surgery is used to remove all visible signs of tumors. Radiation is used to shrink large tumors located in one spot . . orto kill off microscopic disease in one local area. That is the best use for radiation. Not all cancers use radiation for treatment. Chemotherapy is used to treat systemic disease .. which is microscopic malignant cells which are in or may be in the blood system or lymphatic system. Metastatic cancer cells enter the blood stream and can travel anywhere within the body . . and chemotherapy is given with this in consideration. Chemo targets only cells that are growing (hair cells, some cells in the intestinal tract, and fast dividing cancer cells) . . chemo is a system treatment intended to kill micrsocopic disease before it has a chance to grow tumors in a new site. Chemo also can directly attack tumors and shrink or kill them so that surgery or radiation can than be used.My son has a stage IV abdominal sarcoma that predominately strikes boys and young adults. It is an aggressive disease with no known protocol . . however, it closely resembles the cells of Ewings sarcoma and is considered a chimeric type of cancer. So, we used the Ewing s sarcoma chemotherapy protocol of high dose chemo. My sons cancer was inoperable at diagnosis, but due to chemotherapy shrinking the major tumors and killing the smaller ones his disease was brought under control. He was able to undergo two major surgeries to remove all visible signs of disease. So . . without chemotherapy he would not have survived even the first month. One of his tumors was as large as a volley ball and had been compressing his heart . .within the first few weeks of treatment the chemo significantly shrunk the tumor (50 percent) and allowed him to become a candidate for surgery.I m not certain if that is the information you seek or not . . anyway, chemotherapy has played a huge role in my son being alive today.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54156
A lot more lives are saved then before there was chemo.  Chemotherapy, while frightening, is a miracle for those of us who have been lucky enough to survive.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54157
It depends on what you mean lives are saved but are left with other problems as chemo is a posion it kills good and bad cells it causes more harm than good if you to those that have had it all that I have known said they wish they had not taken the chemo.

QUESTION ID: H14P0CIG0YLZ60C
QUESTION SUBJECT: B-17, Laetrile - CURE FOR CANCER - I d like to hear a detailed explanation on how to deny this?
QUESTION CONTENT: Okay, vitamin b-17, known as laetrile will prevent you from ever getting cancer if taken 7 times a day. Why in studies have patients never developed cancer while taking vitamin b-17, namely apricot seeds. http://www.1cure4cancer.com/ - also why would the FDA ban laetrile, and even raw apricot seeds if they did nothing? BECAUSE THEY CANNOT COPYRIGHT IT, AND IF PEOPLE ARE ABLE TO USE THIS TO GET RID OF CANCER, THEY WILL LOSE BILLIONS OF DOLLARS A YEAR. The FDA is run by the big pharma which wants money, and any tests run by doctors to assure this works, will be shut down and hidden.  When the B17 comes into contact with cancer cells, there is no Rhodanese to break it down and neutrelise it but instead, only the enzyme Beta-Gucosidase is present in very large quantities. When B17 and Beta-Glucosidase come into contact with each other, a chemical reaction occurs and the Hydrogen Cyanide and Benzaldehyde combines synergistically to produce a poison which destroys and kills the cancer cells.yes, laetrile has cyanide in it, but it is contained until being broken open with the reaction of benzaldehyde, and nothing else. Regular human cells have a miniscule amount of benzaldehyde in it which in not a sufficient amount to break it open. On the contrary cancerous cells have up to 1000 times the amount, which releases the cyanide around that cell, otherwise killing it. For years, the FDA has said that substances containing vitamin B17 are dangerous because they contain cyanide. Yet, at the same time, the FDA maintains that vitamin B17 is not an effective cancer treatment because there is no way to release the cyanide it contains, making it ineffective against cancer cells. Tell me how this works out?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 9540
Hi DanGlad to see your educating yourself and sharing with people. This is what we need; a person like yourself informing as many people as we can what is really happening in our society. This is another example of a vitamin with strong healing power.The FDA controls what you eat and medical practices that you can have. There are hundreds of cures for cancer and our govenrment has decided to use the power/money making route (chemo, surgery, and drugs). If we took away those 3 our ecomony would collapse for decades, but we would be healthier. A lot of people will disagree with that, but we are brainwashed into believing whatever the government and/or a doctor tells us. The doctors are schooled to diagnose and prescribe (not heal). Think of the mindset that goes into that. Very powerful! If they were told to heal a person they would find a way. Best of health to you
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1591
Well, for starters; there is no documented scientific evidence that this product has ever worked for any cancer patients. Studies that have been conducted indicate that it doesn t have any adverse effect on tumours and they in fact continue to grow. Now let us just call B-17 by what it really is and that is Arsenic! As there is no such thing as vitamin B-17, it is just a friendly name for arsenic, as I m sure people would more easily take a vitamin, as opposed to arsenic.However, I believe that there was one case that claimed success with this treatment. but as with many of these quack remedies it was not scientifically monitored or fully documented. Consider the many thousands of people that are treated and saved using proven medicine and treatment, I guess you need to ask yourself are you feeling lucky to take B17 (Arsenic) on the chance that it may cure and that you may be the second successful case?Sorry to say there are all too many claims floating around of such miraculous undocumented or scientifically verifiable treatments, which prey on those in need the most!So, if the Arsenic doesn t kill you, then the untreated cancer probably will!If you would like a little bit more to read, chekout the following link;
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20490
Haven t heard anything about this before.  But be wary of the Quackwatch site, the guy who runs it is a known fraud.  See http://www.canlyme.com/quackwatch.html and http://www.raysahelian.com/quackwatch.html.  Whatever s threre, no matter how convincing, I simply can t trust it because we know the owner s character.  He says many wrong things there w/o justification, and it s clear his effort is to try to discredit alternatives.  What s funny is that he s not even an MD, he s an unlicensed psychiatrist.  How odd!  I just wish we could get truly objective research and reports.  Like this report that gives us insight to disease names from the medical community - http://www.newstarget.com/009587.html. Diseases are really just results of lifestyle decisions.  Now that s a good report!I love your effort for searching for answers you won t get from the medical community typically.  Some have seen the light and/or want to get out of the for-profit health care such as those involved with pcrm.org.  The level of profit in the health care industry DOES cause a conflict of interest.  Others will try to discredit it, but the RESULTS cannot be denied.  Thousands have success with alternative care, and are thriving, alive and well years after being given months to live by the medical community.I haven t heard of these, but I d love to see CREDIBLE sources for those who ve posted it doesn t help.  Where do we find the medical community checking this, and HOW did they check it?  Did they set it up to fail?  The ACS s involvement does not add credibility to the wikipedia post, they are funded in large part by big pharma.  I have read that they are the wealthiest non-profit in the world.  See http://www.newstarget.com/022107.html.  Does this mean they ve been paid off?I know they ve tested things like what they call vitamin C, but did you know the government calls ascorbic acid vitamin C?  If they just use one part of the whole, or in isolation, that study is set up to fail.  Ascorbic acid is NOT vitamin C.  It s one part of 6 elements that make up vitamin C.  A study about the effects of processed ascorbic acid will not yield the same results as true, natural vitamin C.  Additionally, government/medical studies will also perform studies in isolation, and that will not yield the same results when used in a balanced fashion.  Clearly, they are out to discredit the alternative/natural field by misleading them.  The educated and informed quickly realize what s going on.  So, the short answer to my rhetorical question is that no one can provide a credible source because those in charge of the trials and studies are effectively corrupt per the above paragraph.  This argument between the medical and alternative fields will continue.  The type of behavior exhibited by the medical community at large is reminiscent of the behavior of the Jewish rulers in Acts 4.  They cannot deny the proven results of alternatives, so they try to discredit, threaten and prevent it s spread at all cost.  Even when it s killing thousands at their own expense.  It would be a different matter altogether if it were actually even 25% successful, but I have personally seen 20 out of 20 die under chemo/medical care.  Thanks for your post.BTW, I ve also heard the FDA banned red yeast rice which is supposed to naturally control cholesterol.  http://www.newswithviews.com/Ellison/shane5.htm.  Why?  Very good question.  I think the likely answer is the same.  They do not want us to be healthy, they want us on expensive, managed care.

QUESTION ID: H28AUNL6Y3NOXQO
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you start in showbiz?
QUESTION CONTENT: I always hear that you need to act in plays and the like, but c mon, I don t think Brad Pitt, Johnny Depp and others did that.  How do you get an agent then???
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 57713
At Kickapoo High School, Pitt was involved in sports, debating, student government and school musicals. Pitt attended the University of Missouri, where he majored in journalism with a focus on advertising. He occasionally acted in fraternity shows. He left college two credits short of graduating to move to California. Before he became successful at acting, Pitt supported himself by driving strippers in limos, moving refrigerators and dressing as a giant chicken while working for el Pollo Loco. Johnny Depp  dropped out of school at age 15 (1978) in the hopes of becoming a rock musician. He fronted a series of garage bands including The Kids, which once opened for Iggy Pop. Depp got into acting after a visit to Los Angeles, California, with his former wife, Lori Anne Allison, who introduced him to actor Nicolas Cage. He made his film debut in A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984). In 1987 he shot to stardom when he replaced Jeff Yagher in the role of undercover cop Tommy Hanson in the popular TV series 21 Jump Street (1987).In 1990, after numerous roles in teen-oriented films, his first of a handful of great collaborations with director Tim Burton came about when Depp played the title role in Edward Scissorhands (1990). Following the film s success, Depp carved a niche for himself as a serious, somewhat dark, idiosyncratic performer, consistently selecting roles that surprised critics and audiences alike. He continued to gain critical acclaim and increasing popularity by appearing in many features before re-joining with Burton in the lead role of Ed Wood (1994). In 1997 he played an undercover FBI agent in the fact-based film Donnie Brasco (1997), opposite Al Pacino; in 1998 he appeared in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas (1998), directed by Terry Gilliam; and then, in 1999, he appeared in the sci-fi/horror film The Astronaut s Wife (1999). The same year he teamed up again with Burton in Sleepy Hollow (1999), brilliantly portraying Ichabod Crane.Depp has played many characters in his career, including another fact-based one, Insp. Fred Abberline in From Hell (2001). He stole the show from screen greats such as Antonio Banderas in the finale to Robert Rodriguez s mariachi trilogy, Once Upon a Time in Mexico (2003). In that same year he starred in the marvelous family blockbuster Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl (2003), playing a character that only the likes of Depp could pull off: the charming, conniving and roguish Capt. Jack Sparrow. Now Depp is collaborating again with Burton in a screen adaptation of Roald Dahl s novel, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (2005).==============Neither of them got big agents until they were in big demand.Both bummed around hollywood, networking, meeting people and finally getting somewhere after a few years of trying.Pitt is almost a college graudate.And you have to go to Los Angeles.I knew Bill Bob Thronton when he was hanging around the studio while Cynda Williams was singing with the band.  He had his script, which he had to star and and direct.A couple of years later he did it and got an Oscar nomination.But it took years and he did bit parts in Wyatt Earp and other films learning the trade.Another friend of mine (whose ex-husband played guitar with Iggy Pop) went from non-union extra to SAG actor but lost $20K a year when she joined the union because she couldn t to non-union work anymore and SAG work is not easy to get.Also have $2,500 ready to buy your SAG card in one payment, certified check.  You need it to work a second day.Also understand the work days are 10-14 hours, sometimes 6 days a week (minimum pay for that is around $5,000 a week before taxes and agent fees, about $3,000 take home and on a feature that s 4 weeks shooting and your out of work again with $12,000 in your pocket and $500 a week in unemployment insurnace for 26 weeks)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1600
Finding a Talent Scout or a Talent Scout finding you. To me noticed, you need to get out there and do auditions for movie parts, plays, and commercials. Look in your yellow page directory for talent agencies.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1601
Actually many did start acting in college or even high school. You have to start somewhere. Agents are hard to get but they do attend plays etc...and any experience is useful, you build on it. Some people have lucky breaks, but most work their way up. Many people start as extras and then progress to commercials. A college with a good theater program or a drama school are good starts. Figure out what you want to do, then get credentials or experience.Then move to LA or NY if you aren t there already.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57714
first of all, you can t be good...ya gotta be great and ya gotta beat a whole lot of people in order to get the julia roberts status.

QUESTION ID: H2DRPSNLR3TTEO1
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I get started to enroll and begin medical school after a bachelors of science in Nursing?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am a Nursing student on my junior year of my bachelor degree. My dream is to attend medical school. Once i get my bachelors do still have to take all the prerequesite courses needed to enroll into medical school?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75384
Even with your bachelor of science in nursing, medical schools will still want to see that their prerequisites for admission (courses you need to take) are satisfied.  Basically, you ll need to complete a pre-med program at your school in addition to your B.S. in Nursing.  The good news is, since you majored in a science (healthcare at that) most of your pre-med courses (if not all) are probably completed!As for med. school pre-reqs, I think they are pretty similar nationwide, but some schools may have varying requirements.  In Texas, most medical schools, at the minimum, require:English/Rhetoric/Composition I and II, Inorganic and Organic Chemistry with labs, Biology I, II, III and electives with labs, a semester of Calculus, and University/Engineering Physics I and II with labs.I m willing to bet that your university has a pre-medical advisor or department that will have all the information you need.  If you go to your university s website you llprobably be able to search online for pre-med course requirements.  Also, check out and search websites for med. schools you are interested in attending.  They will definitely spell out exactly the courses you need to have under your belt.Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75385
You ll also need to take the MCAT (medical college admissions test). This consists of four parts: biological sciences (biology and organic chemistry), physical sciences (physics and inorganic chemistry), verbal reasoning, and writing.Get a copy of a book called the AMCAS handbook. American Medical College Application Service. I m assuming you are in the US, if not, this isn t much help. Most schools participate in AMCAS, though not all. It s a centralized application service. You send one application to them, pay them a ton of money, and they forward it to all the school you indicate. Most of the guidelines are on their webpage.

QUESTION ID: H2Q6HAOB1LNGSSR
QUESTION SUBJECT: In regards to the civil rights movement, why was there a high concentration in the south?
QUESTION CONTENT: Hi all, GH611 here. Doing an english project, and I m not able to find this. If anyone could answer, and give a link, that would be wonderful!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1676
The Civil Rights Movement was more concentrated in the South mainly because the injustices against blacks was more prevalent in the South.  Not only were the African Americans of the South being treated poorly, crimes committed against them were largely ignored or perpetrated by people in power.  Now that is not to say there were not injustices happening against Blacks in the North, it was just that African Americans in the North were able gain some power and recognition; they had a voice.  This was not really an option for southern Blacks living in the South.  After the American Civil War, White southerners retained power and they insured that blacks would never be truly free for as long as they lived in the South.  They used what ever means necessary to keep Blacks down socially, economically, emotionally, and physically in the South.  It was during WWI and WWII that African American s realized that there was an alternative way to live.  They were seeing and experiencing things outside of the country that revealed just how wrong and unequal things were back home Hope this helps.  I was a History major so I wrote this off the top of my head.  You can infer this information from any text about civil rights.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1677
Hi GH611--Your prior answers are correct. Most Blacks still lived in the South - particularly the poorest, uneducated ones.In the North, Many were receiving educations and the Klan wasn t allowed to gain a foothold.It was White Northerners who went South to encourage the poor blacks to register to vote. They didn t even know they had the right to, and when they tried the Klan would make an example of them.If you can, rent Mississippi Burning , excellent film which includes a lot of the nastiness of that period. I m not saying it doesn t still exist, to a limited extent, today.The film is based on an actual event in which three civil rights workers were murdered by members of the Ku Klux Klan.Good Luck!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57942
Well, probably because there was a high concentration blacks in the south and add to that the fact that they were tired of getting lynched and pushed around because of Jim Crow laws and you have your answer. Look up the Jim Crow laws reference, if you do not know what it means. It is sad, but very important and interesting information.

QUESTION ID: H3QYZRSVL2PT8PR
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long can you have swollen lymphnodes before you should get worried?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have had a couple of swollen lymph nodes on the right side of my neck for about a year.  They are only about the size of a pea and have only very minimally increased in size.  They do not hurt at all.  PLEASE don t say go to the doctor !  I just want to know...wouldn t they get bigger?  When would I begin to get sick if it  were something?  I know that I don t have mono or hep or anything because I work in the medical field and get tested yearly.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86025
My son was diagnosed with a stage IV abdominal sarcoma after the doctors biopsied a lympth node in his neck. He never noticed that it was swollen at all and never had any symptoms or pain. When he was examined the lympth nodes in the neck, armpits and groin area were all affected. He was asymptomatic up until that point in time. We had not suspected cancer. A young adult with cancer is able to go for a very, very long time and not suspect they have cancer because they are active and feel healthy. It s a mask, the patient delays being seen or being taken seriously by a doctor . . and that is why most young adults present with stage IV cancer.You should have the lympth nodes checked just for your own piece of mind. It is probably nothing, but the only way to know for sure is to see a physician. Even then they may not know until they run tests. If you want to be taken seriously about this, you may have to advocate for a definitive diagnosis. Otherwise if you seem in good health, the doctor will dismiss it.Good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9728
Cancer is actually two different diseases--the tumor stage, and the malignancy stage. If your lumps (tumors) have been there for a year, you are past any normal infection response. This can help, especially the first two books on the list.Five hundred years ago, people said the world was flat. Today, people say that if the FDA and AMA haven t blessed something, it can t be real good. Well, here s something I know to be real AND good. It s a little different take on cancer treatment--In 1990, I had Hodgkin s Lymphoma, stage 3-B, but I ve survived. My doctors were great people, but they were limited to surgery, chemo and radiation by profitable AMA treatment policy. During the year in treatment, I started learning about alternative medicine. I m a retired engineer, and this is what I ve pieced together--our IMMUNE SYSTEMS become weakened by poor nutrition, lack of exercise and reduced oxygen. Once that happens, our body becomes vulnerable to common STRESSORS. Stressors can be environmental, like viruses, heavy metals, pesticides, food additives, electromagnetic waves or pollution. They can be internal things like emotional or job stress, or poisonous people in our lives. Aging is also a contributing factor. So this means:               WEAK IMMUNE SYSTEM  +  STRESSORS  =  DISEASE  (cancer, diabetes, heart disease, etc.) Our bodies have 60 trillion--yes, trillion--cells, and there are always some mutating into cancer cells, but a healthy immune system kills them before they have a chance to get a foothold in the body. It takes a LONG time, usually, or a high level of stressors, to weaken the immune system to the point where it won t do its job, but once cancer has formed, it will generally spread rapidly.THIS IS IMPORTANT! There are ways to BEAT cancer that are currently being used in Europe and around the world, and there are some great books on the subject. I know because I ve read about 50 of them  from cover to cover. Here s a list of the best ones. Some are out of print and  getting hard to find-- The Cure for All Cancers , ISBN 0963632825 The Cure for All Advanced Cancers , ISBN 1890035165 A Cancer Therapy , ISBN 0882681052 Oxygen Therapies , ISBN 0962052701 Hydrogen Peroxide--Medical Miracle , ISBN 1885236077 The Natural Cure for Cancer--Germanium , ISBN 0533071410 Killing Cancer , ISBN 0705000966 Natural Cures They Don t Want You to Know About , ISBN 0975599518I know of people whose cancer has spontaneously remitted (WENT AWAY for no known reason) AFTER they went on programs of herbs and nutrition to restart their immune systems. You and your family must look out for yourselves to stand a chance of being healthy. This is not a joke, and I m not selling anything--just trying to help.  I am using the things I learned in those books right now to fight off a second infestation of cancer. I ve been at it for over a year now, and think I m going to make it. Use what works for you, and pass on your success. Best of luck.AMA AND FDA--The American Medical Association (AMA) and the pharmaceutical companies control medical law and the FDA in this country with heavy lobbying and a revolving door policy. WHY would they want to do this? It s about the money. In 2006, medicine (doctors, hospitals, researchers and pharmaceutical firms) received 2.1 TRILLION dollars--15% of the total earnings (GNP 13.7 trillion) in the U.S. This is astounding! It means MILLIONS of people worked the whole year just to pay the nation s medical expenses!! That s totally astounding, and just too big to care about individuals. http://www.altcancer.com/vidgal.htm#hoxsey
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86026
cancer can live in the body for years before you will ever know its there my husband had cancer over a year before we found out and it had done eat his jaw bone into so i say go to the doctor
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86027
If you have had a course of antibiotics, and that hasn t phased the lymph nodes, you need to be tested for something more serious.  There are slow-growing [indolent]types of Lymphoma out there. But, there are also great treatments.Check this site for the best info:http://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/hm_llsBest wishes

QUESTION ID: H50THHACTWTROQV
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is most art not understood by people?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72018
its simply because of four little words called  DIFFERENT POINT OF VIEW  .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15464
Just as most of the sciences are not understood by people!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 19452
probably there is a need to train people!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21475
Understanding art is a matter of taking the time to learn about it.  Most people know what they like, but most don t take the time to find out why they like what they like.At thetop level, liking art is like liking food.  I couldn t tell you why I like chocolate, I just do.  However, I can tell the difference between good chocolate and bad chocolate - and to get to that point, I needed to do some research and exploration into what it is about chocolate that I like.  The texture.  The sweetness.  The amount of cacao in it.  It took some time and effort to gain an understanding of chocolate.  Most people do not take the time to find out what it is they like about art.  They don t look into the history of a painter they like (or don t like) to understand where an image or style came from or why it s the same or different from other artists of that time period, or how it was made or why (or for whom) it was made.Understanding anything - whether it s art or chocolate - takes time and effort. You can go through life just fine only knowing what you like and don t like, and especially with something as seemeingly inconsequential to daily life as art (I personally disagree that art is inconsequential, but that s another question/answer entirely!), there is no real impetus to make the effort to learn.  It s much easier to just look at it and not think too hard about it.  So a lot of art is not understood because people don t take the time and effort to understand it.However, there is another side to your question - why are artists making art that takes so much effort to understand?  Shouldn t there be some art that doesn t require a college degree to understand?  Some of this comes out of pretension, as in, it s only art if only professors understand it.  That is, if it s accessible to people in general, it must not be deep enough to be Art.  To my mind, this is wrong-headed thinking, but given the economic realities of the art world today, it is often what happens.  Most people in a position to actually buy and sell art have a more sophisticated taste for it than those who don t, so artists make art that will appeal to those who can buy&sell, not the masses.It s simple economics, but it also shoots itself in the foot.  When art is only for sophisticates, then the market for it becomes smaller and smaller and smaller, and will eventually be just a trickle, or perhaps even die out.If artists were making more art that was understandable by most Janes and Joes with a reasonable amount of effort, instead of making art that Jane&Joe need a college course to understand, artists would have more potential buyers and also simply be able to reach a lot more people with their ideas and outlooks.  This isn t to say that artists should sink to making pretty and meaningless pablum, but there is a vast middle ground there of art that is accessible when the viewer applies a modicum of thought to looking at it.So the fault here lies on both sides.  Viewers aren t doing their part to try to understand art.  And artists are making highly sophisticated art because buyers tend to be sophisticates.  So the chasm of misunderstanding grows and grows.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21476
because you have to think out of the box! Now for me 1800 S and 1700 s is the best. But my answer for your question is that you have to look at great art and dream!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21477
Art is a manifestation of a personal inner vision. Personal self expression that is motivated by what s going on in the artist s life or mind. Understanding art therefore presupposes understanding people, what motivates them, what moves them, what scares them. Some art is not there to be understood in an intellectual way, it is there to evoke an emotion. Some art is just for humor. Jeff Koons comes to mind. He took everyday items and had them made out of precious materials. Some art is a protest against established forms. Impressionism, Expressionism, Pop Art, are all rebellious outbursts against established forms of acceptable art. So understanding art would also presuppose an understanding about history. What was going on around the time a particular art piece was created. Why is the Mona Lisa a big deal?  Why did perspective revolutionize how we see ? Since art is personal self expression anything and everything that goes on around the artist, inside the artist s head is going to come out as a creative effort. Is the running fence of Cristo art ? Some would say it isn t. Some would say it s revolutionary. I say as long as it s a physical manifestation of some inner vision of the artist, then it s art. Is the picture of the Madonna made with elephant dung art ? Is Mapplethorpe s erotic imagry art ? Sure, why not? Do we have to understand the art of all artists? No. Just like we wouldn t have dinner with just anyone. We are enchanted with the work of artists who create something that strikes a resonant chord inside of our beings. It s narcissistic in a way.Do I want to look at an abstract painting that doesn t move me? Or do I want to look at a sculpture of Rodin that makes me catch my breath? For my time and effort I want to be moved. The trick about art is it s a life experience when it strikes you in the right way. It s like a good book, or a good movie, it is an alternative way of experiencing life. That experience is just as valid as a real life experience. It will effect our perception of the world. It will cause a new wrinkle in our brain. Painting and sculpture, that sort of art, we are experiencing something of the artist. What they sought to bring out from within themselves. The only thing to understand is do you like it or not? Does it move you or not? Folks spend a lot of brain energy on discussing theories about this painting or that sculpture and to me all that s wasted energy. Some folks got too much time on their hands. My measure is more personal. Does this work of art make me feel something, make me think of something, transport me to another place? If so, it works. No need to understand more than that.

QUESTION ID: H53G8P5O1N1QRW5
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why am I always tired?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have a reasonably good diet. I get exercise most days. I sleep for eight hours every night. And yet each morning I wake up and I am still so tired. Even at the weekend I am yawning. Is there anything I can do to make me less tired? I ve tried more sleep, less sleep, more exercise, less exercise....any ideas?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18270
You could be anaemic, if you re really concerned consult your GP, few on here are qualified to answer your question!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67995
Beating tirednessPublished by BUPA s Health Information Team May 2004At any given time, 1 in 10 people are suffering from persistent tiredness, with women more likely to be affected than men. Severe tiredness is a common reason for people visiting their GP.With our stressful, busy lives, most people experience tiredness sometimes. Following some rest and relaxation and a good night s sleep, tiredness generally disappears, leaving us refreshed and ready to face our usual activities. For some people, however, tiredness becomes a chronic problem which severely affects their quality of life and their day-to-day functioning.Causes of tirednessThere are many possible reasons for chronic tiredness. Usually, tiredness is due to a combination of causes. Tiredness can have physical triggers, such as a recent illness, pregnancy or breastfeeding. It can also be triggered by stressful situations, for example a recent bereavement, moving house, family or work problems.As well as well-defined triggers, there are many factors that can increase your tiredness, or stop you from regaining your energy when you are tired and run down.Physical causesBeing tired can lead you to avoid physical activity. However, as you become more unfit, you will be even more tired when you try to do something. When you are chronically tired, this can become a vicious circle.Being too fat or too thin can cause tiredness. If you are overweight, your body has to work harder than normal to do everyday activities. If you are very underweight, you have less muscle strength and may tire more quickly.Many types of illness can leave you feeling very tired, especially anaemia, an underactive thyroid and heart failure.Sleep problems such as insomnia and sleep apnoea (abnormal breathing while asleep) can also stop you getting a good night s sleep, while pregnancy is another common reason for severe tiredness.Emotional causesStress and worry are tiring emotions. Facing a stressful situation can be draining, especially when you cannot see a solution to your problems. Feeling that you have no control over a situation may lead to frustration, irritability and tiredness.Mental health problems such as depression or anxiety can make you feel more tired and can prevent you from sleeping properly.Lifestyle causesPeople with unusual or disturbed sleep patterns such as shift workers, nurses, doctors and nursing mothers can find it difficult to get refreshing sleep.Looking after small children is a particularly draining activity, especially if children do not sleep through the night.Sleeping in the day can prevent you from sleeping at night. Drinking too many caffeinated or alcoholic drinks can also make it difficult to get a good night???s sleep, especially if you drink them close to bedtime
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67996
eat chocolatehttp://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Aio3Tb3xKn3IzhbQ5s0yP5AgBgx.;_ylv=3?qid=20080114100206AA6BSHx
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67997
Hi,You could get ur blood sugar check up. Many times diabetes is without symptoms.The use of detox and tonic herbs is always helpful in these conditions.http://www.holistic-herbalist.com/natural-herbal-remedies.htmlTerminalia chebula is one such detox ayurvedic herb and Ashwagandha is another good herb with specific effect related to ur trouble.Regards,
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71595
I have no idea! Im always tired at the mo but thats coz im pregnant!

QUESTION ID: H74RDZKKB74GQPU
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do people deny the theory of evolution?
QUESTION CONTENT: most of you ppl are idiotsno i mean ityou would deny gravity if the bible said it didn t exist
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9129
It may be because What they called theory of Evolution was really a philosophy and in it, one s opinion is as good as another.However the original studies of Darwin actually applied to Birds only.His out come conclusion was  for the Birds.He could not apply that to Creation because he did not have a Cristal ball to see in true details How our Creator really did it.The word evolution implies changes with time. As per 2nd law of thermodynamics thereis an evolution in the systems of this world. It basically formulates that for a change to be effected a degradation has to take place.So Evolution implies that things degrade with time and it agrees with the 2nd Law of thermodynamics.A very simple proof is to follow the life of a human to its final out come in time.The body decomposes..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14187
Because it argues with the creation myth that god put all people and animals on earth. It s JUST a theory... and it s just a bunch of bull s.h.i.t
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39572
Well there are two reasons and there is often overlap between them. 1)Their religious faith 2) Their research independent of the public school system.  The first time I was confronted with the idea that evolution/intelligent design might not be an absolute truth was when I met my future husband.  Here was this reasonable guy, who took a ton of science classes as he was a creationist!  Weird I thought.  Just a few years ago we joined a church where all these very nice, seeminly bright and well educated people all believed in Creation Theory.  I was wondering what was up so I started to do a little research on it myself.  Shock!  This theory would go the way of Spontaneous generation went after Louis Pasteur came on the scene if the whole idea of God/faith/Christianity wasn t wrapped up as the opposing viewpoint.  Most of the time humans believe what they are told.  It takes a scientist being totally objective to really get to the truth of a matter.  It is a theory and can t be proven in a scientific manner because it s not replicable.  We just have to look at al the pieces and parts and see if different theories make sense.  After doing some research I decided that evolution was bunk and that I would stick with Literal Biblical Creation until I find something that sticks wholes in it.

QUESTION ID: H7ZN6P2T78XOBY4
QUESTION SUBJECT: I have Hepetitis C ... my HCV RNA QT level is 1,010,000 ... how serious is this?
QUESTION CONTENT: It says that the normal level is<50! ... am I dying?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73925
If you know your quantitative HCV RNA (viral load) is greater than 1 million, then you must be in medical care, right?  There are a number of questions that you should ask your doctor to help you better understand your disease.  First, HCV viral loads are reported in different units - IU/mL or copies/mL.  You likely have a high HCV viral load (usually anything greater than 600,000 IU/mL is considered high ).  The viral load has NO correlation with the severity of disease.  You can have a high viral load and no liver damage or a low viral load and extensive liver damamage - it depends.  However, it may make the infection more difficult to treat.You should ask your doctor about your HCV genotype (usually 1, 2, 3, or 4) and discuss a liver biopsy.  The liver biopsy (thin needle inserted into liver to collect small sample of liver tissue) is the only difinitive way to determine the extent of damage in the liver.  It will tell your doctor how much inflammation the virus is causing.  With long term inflammation (over years - usually 10-20 years) inflammation can cause fibrosis.  Extensive fibrosis can result in liver function decline.  Over time, cirrhosis (extensive fibrosis) can lead to serious complications requiring a liver transplant.Get your liver checked - usually a hepatologist is the best source of information as they are experts in the evaluation of liver disease.  There is treatment available and a large portion of individuals eradicate the HCV infection and reverse some liver damage.Lifestyle changes can help your liver as well - stop smoking, avoid alcohol, eat healthy and exercise to lose weight if necessary.Check out the following website for excellent information about HCV.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22593
that is pretty serious.  that tells you that you have a very active disease process going on .  your doctor should be all over this.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22594
it is bad!!! take a liveraide supplement it is a sylimarin capsule

QUESTION ID: H8AN6KXNFAEWE6B
QUESTION SUBJECT: why was the titanic such a disaster?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 19911
It was designed with a system of watertight bulkheads between compartments which could withstand up to 5 being punctured and flooded without causing the ship to sink. Unfortunately the iceberg strike dragged down the side of the ship and punctured 6 of the compartments, causing catastrophic flooding which the ship could not survive. This in itself should not have led to large loss of life, as the ship only started to sink slowly at first. There should have been plenty of time to fill lifeboats, but the captain delayed giving the order to abandon ship as it was not immediately evident how badly the ship had been damaged. Once the order was given, many lifeboats were sent out with fewer passengers aboard than their design permitted, and in any case there were not enough to go round (although not to the extent implied in the film). Again this might not have led to such loss of life if the situation had been only a little different. The delay in declaring an emergency meant that ships which could have been close enough to pick up survivors did not start towards the area until well after the iceberg hit. This meant that passengers were in the freezing water for far too long to survive. Add in the geographical situation (a lot fewer would have died if the accident had happened between 2 ships in the caribbean, for example, as passengers would not have died of exposure) and the fact that it was night (which hindered the picking up of survivors and the efforts of ships coming to the aid of Titanic to find the site of the shipwreck) and you see that it was such a disaster due to a combination of unforeseeable factors. If any one thing had been done differently, the story could have ended in another way.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8640
The Titanic disaster in 1912 combined many features:-1. The Titanic was badly built, as has been detailed to you. It did not have enough transverse watertight bulheads, and they did not go high enough. Unluckily, the gash made by the iceberg was just too long to prevent the water from progressively filling one compartment after another. In addition, there is reason to believe that the Titanic was structurally weak: its sister ship Olympic suffered increasingly from structural cracks in the years after the First World War. The Titanic s contemporary rivals in the Cunard Line, the Mauretania and Lusitanis, would not have had the same problem with the iceberg as they were designed for conversion to Armed Cruisers and had side coal bunkers as protection.2. The route from Cobh, near Cork in Ireland, the Titanic s last European port of call, and new York has to be a compromise between the shortest Great Circle route and one far enough to be clear of icebergs. The Titanic went as far North as it dared, and unfortuately a berg had come unnusaly far South.3. Again for commercial reasons, the Ttianic was reluctant to slow in the light of iceberg warnings.4. The ship was badly handledwhen the iceberg was spotted. A head-on collision would have been more survivable than the ecutally glancing blow, which resulted in damage over a greater length of the ship and one less desinged to sustain it than the bow.5. Because radio was a new invention, it was badly used, e.g. wireless operators of nearby ships had signed off for the night. In addition, distress flares were not spotted.6. Apart from the inadequate provision of lifebelts, evacuation into them was badly handled, many leaving half full. In addition, the diffferential survival of first, particularly, and second class passengers raised social issues. Apart from the loss of life in absolute liners, a number of very rich and famous, in their time,      men lost their lives.The facts of the Titanic disaster were bad enough. However, there have been other serious shipping disasters that have not recieved similar publicity, including wartime sinkings such as the loss of the Lancastria  with several thousand lives in 1940. But the Titanic disaster was particularly striking, not least in publicity terms, for many reasons:-1. The loss of the ship starkly contrasted with White Star Line publicity as to its unsinkability . As Titanic was planned to be the second of three similar ships (Olympic was the first and Britannic, lost in the First World War, the third) its maiden voyage was particularly hyped as it did not have the intrinsic novelty of the first ship in the series.2. As use of radio was new issues as to how far it could have prevented the disaster were a matter of great public interest. This generalised into questions about the possible negligence of nearby ships that failed to some to the rescue in time.3. 1912 was a time of considerable social unrest due to economic inequalities. Apart from the deaths of rich men whose passing would in themselves have generated considerable newspaper coverage, the loss of the Titanic highlighted differential treatment on class grounds.4. The slow sinking, taking several hours, of the Titanic gave the newspapers great scope for human interest stories, notably the ship s band playing as the Titanic sank. The conductor, whose body was found, was given a huge public funeral (as was Captain Smith, the Titanic s master,who came from Stoke on Trent).5. The issue of the Titanic s loss was kept open by major public inquiries both in the United States and England.6. As some of the suvivors were very young children, people remembered the disaster for many years.All these feature have combined to give the Titanic a symbolic status as an example of a disaster which lead to huge loss of life and which was the result of misplaced arrogance and multiple mistakes
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8641
Very badly designed ice bucket. Not fit for purpose! Should have been reported to the local Trading Standards Office.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9943
maybe because it sank and people died
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10526
Because the ship was supposed to be unsinkable, etc etc.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14150
Too much arrogance on the part of those who created and navigated the ship i.e large size, great speed e.t.c.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38482
It hit a iceberg at speed
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38483
Depends on your perspective, k@lled lots of people; made a big film!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38484
it would never have happened if there had been global warming.

QUESTION ID: H8H7BTJX1FKABHI
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why did einstein beleive light speed is the maximum speed you can obtain?
QUESTION CONTENT: but how do you know that all matter turns to energy if it hasn t been proven obviously nothing can be observed travelling faster than the speed of light because it is relative but if something did then you wouldn t be ablee to see iti do beleive i placed this question in the science section under physics sowhy am i getting non physics answers?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81861
That is is first theory that he came up with . but time will tell if there is more . I think there is it just need to be proof en
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81862
Physics deals with matter and energy;Leaving gravitational field and nuclear field, the only way in which energy is transmitted from one place to another place is in the form of electro-magnetic field (interaction of electric and magnetic field).We know the EM field passes through vacuum. Except vacuum in all other medium (material) the speed is reduced. We have studied the properties of electric field separately and magnetic field separately. The propagation of electric field depends upon the permeability of the medium and the propagation of magnetic field depends upon the permittivity of the medium. We know their values in vacuum and Maxwell has showed that the speed of EM wave depends on these two and has shown that it is a constant.Thus the speed of light is the maximum in vacuum and is a constant.If the speed is to exceed this value, one has to find a medium other than vacuum; also it should not be a matter (mass).  In fact, scientists were in search of a medium other than vacuum in the belief that light cannot travel in vacuum and vacuum must contain a material called Ether.At this stage, Einstein proposed that no such material is necessary and EM wave can travel in vacuum.Thus one must understand that it is not the theory of relativity which suggests the speed of E.M wave is the maximum. It was a known fact. Energy cannot be transferred faster than this value. Next is the question, ???Can any MATERIAL be transferred with a speed more than this.Here comes the theory of relativity. The peculiar or the astonishing property of EM wave is that its speed when measured by a moving observer as well as by a stationary observer remains the same (the above mentioned constant speed of light in vacuum).To account this property Einstein postulated that it is possible only if the length contracts, time dilates, and mass increases with speed. These things are experimentally verified and the postulates are true.By this proposition one concludes any material cannot exceed the speed of light.Important fact is that it is not the theory of relativity which fixes the speed of light in vacuum.

QUESTION ID: H8I6XWM5ZC7IQKP
QUESTION SUBJECT: why we have 60 minutes for an hour ?
QUESTION CONTENT: As you know that 1000 ml is 1 litre, 1000 meter is 1 kilo meter, 1000 gram is 1 kilo gram. but why we calculate 60 seconds for 1 minute !! and 60 minutes for 1 hour. Who invented this calculation methode.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77993
This all dates back to the Ancient Babylonians who liked to count in base 60. Ratios of 6, 12, 60, and 360 were seen by them as being round numbers in the same way that we use base 10 and see 5, 10, 100 etc as useful numbers to divide things up into. See: http://www-groups.dcs.st-and.ac.uk/~history/ HistTopics/Babylonian_and_Egyptian.html The Babylonians divided the sky into the 12 signs of the Zodiac, and a circle into 360 degrees. They divided the day and night each into 12 hours (although in many time systems the lengths of these varied between summer and winter! Babylon was rather nearer the equator than Liverpool, so they didn t get too confused with this). The hour was split into 60 minutes and a minute into 60 seconds. All these numbers have survived for 4000 years, despite the fact that we have changed our numbering system to base 10! In England, when I was young, we still measured with feet, each divided into 12 inches. The Americans still do! [By the way, do you know where the mile comes from? It s Roman, not Babylonian!]The yearis nearly 360 days long and the Babylonians split it into 12 months. Other civilizations based their calendar on the moon and had 13 months. We still have problems with this today because Easter is based on the lunar calendar and migrates around the Julian calendar in a complex way. Chinese new year is still based on the Lunar calendar
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30417
WOW! Nice explanation Charlie, very detailed.

QUESTION ID: HBRFG1SILBHVF86
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is heart disease called a disease when it`s not  really a disease as such?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 17387
Are you confusing disease with infectious disease?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47332
Heart disease is any disorder that affects the heart s ability to function normally. Various forms of heart disease include:    * Alcoholic cardiomyopathy    * Aortic regurgitation    * Aortic stenosis    * Arrhythmias    * Cardiogenic shock    * Congenital heart disease    * Coronary artery disease (CAD)Dilated cardiomyopathy    * Endocarditis    * Heart attack (myocardial infarction)    * Heart failure    * Heart tumor    * Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy    * Idiopathic cardiomyopathy    * Ischemic cardiomyopathy    * Acute mitral regurgitation    * Chronic mitral regurgitation    * Mitral stenosis    * Mitral valve prolapse    * Peripartum cardiomyopathy    * Pulmonary stenosis    * Stable angina    * Unstable angina    * Tricuspid regurgitationPlease see the web pages for more details on Heart disease.

QUESTION ID: HE6CM31HXMREHEU
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you publish a book?
QUESTION CONTENT: my friend wants to publish a book. are there any books that you know of that can help the editing process?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4043
Kimi,I answered this question for a Kimi earlier. If it was you and you didn t like the answer I apologize for giving it again. The avatar is different, so that s why I m answering it again.Here s what I give everyone who asks this question. When your friend can do everything I ve written here and, do it well, then he/she is ready to take writing seriously.Read on:Writing a book takes more than just sitting down and putting your idea into words. There are a lot of things that you have to consider.You need a good grasp of the English language. Spelling and Grammar. You will also need to check and recheck your work. Editors are very expensive these days. You need to know how to write an effective ???query letter??? to a literary agent.Can you write a synopsis that will hold the interest of the agent, and want to make him or her ask for the first three chapters of your work?Do you know how to outline?You???ll need to know how to format your manuscript. This includes the fonts thatmost agents, editors, and publishers want. You will need to follow submission guidelines just as they are laid down for your submissions. Anything less will result in your manuscript sent back or destroyed unread.Do you know what Point of View is? (POV) Do you know how to write in First Person Point of View? The can???s and can not???s? Do you know how to write dialogue? How to format dialogue? It???s a good idea to know some of the publishing laws. The use of names and places. These includeoDelivery Of Satisfactory Copy oPermission for Copyrighted Material oGrant Of Rights oProofreading and Author s Corrections oAdvances and Royalties oAuthor s Warranties and Indemnities oCopies to Author oOption Clause      Do you know how to get a ???word count? Do you know what a prologue is? An epilogue? Do you know how both of them are used and why?Do you know what the word ???genre??? means?You???ll need to know how to use the proper ???page set up??? for your work. Margins, indents, paragraphs.Are you prepared to do a lot of ???research??? involving your work? Many professionals such as, doctors, lawyers, nurses, public accountants, judges, architects, bricklayers, engineers, and police officers read, too.Do you know what a plot is? A sub-plot?Can you take rejection and constructive criticism? If you???re easily hurt in the feelings department, then this hobby is not meant for you. Critics will tear you apart or build you up. The best writers in the world ???King, Patterson, Koontz, J.K. Rowling, and many others??? have been torn up one side and down the other. You can???t please everyone.If you decide to hire an editor, remember: Your manuscript will be double spaced, which means there will be twice as many pages. A 600 page novel could cost you around $1800.00, some even more depending on what the editor charges a page.These are the things you must know to work at your craft. But don???t let these things deter you from writing. There are books in libraries and bookstores that can teach you all of these things. Buying these books (if you want to be a serious writer) is the best thing to do. Why? Well, because you can use a yellow marker to highlight all the points of interest. Then you can use the front of the book to make page references to those markings in order to check back on them at a later date, when you need to.You???ll need to get a copy of Writer???s Market for the current year. This has literary agents whom you can send out query letters to. Some of them allow email queries.I wish you the best of luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1966
Go to your local library or the bookstore and pick up the Writer s Market for this year. It goes into detail as to how one can go about publishing a book.Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59113
i dont really know sry! have a brillaintly lovely day

QUESTION ID: HEKGA0W4C5NRIRS
QUESTION SUBJECT: how many stages are there in cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: At what stage would a cure through chemo be unlikely??I know every cancer is different and it s not possible to say exactly, but any advice would do..Thanks, My father had a 20cm tumour removed from his bowel in January, but his doctor is saying it s in stage 4, having cancerous tissues found in the lymp glands. My mother is worried sick and she was saying stage 4, aqnd I hadn t a clue there were even stages of cancer.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 41569
Good grief. Would people who do not understand what stage IV cancer is all about stop saying that it is terminal. It is not. A stage IV cancer is difficult to treat because it is widespred, but I know many people who have survived a stage IV cancer. My son was diagnosed two years ago with widespred metatastis. He was literally filled with tumors, some the size of volley balls. He is currently no evidence of disease, although he is not entirely out of the woods yet. We do happen to know people with his same type of cancer who were stage IV and are now five to ten years out from treatment. So, this idea that stage IV is terminal is dated and incorrect. Any stage and any type of cancer can be life threatening and any stage and any type of cancer can be treated successfully. I would also suggest, that unless you are a doctor or stastician that you completely ignore the statistics for each cancer and stage of disease. Everyone is an individual and statistics will never tell an individuals story. Just remember all the people who say that they were told their disease was terminal only to make a remarkable recovery. No one, not even a doctor can predict with accuracy which individual will survive and which will not. And, the reason that they cannot make that prediction is because every individual reacts to treatment and situations differently. Much will depend on type of cancer, location of tumors, age and overall health of a patient, response to treatment, and luck at locating an excellent oncologist and medical facility to treat your type of cancer.But to answer your question. There are two measurements of cancer tumors . . in general there are four stages of cancer that will determine how the cancer is treated (what protocol the doctor will follow) . . besides the stage . . a tumor is also graded by what it looks like under a microscope from low to high grade. This too is done to determine how to treat the patient. Each type of cancer has a treatment protocol that is followed based upon the stage and grade of the cancer. The National Comprehensive Cancer Network provides the clinical guidelines for patients and treatment of their disease based on stage and grade.National Comprehensive Cancer Networkhttp://www.nccn.org/Go to the above website, locate your type of cancer, locate the stage and read what the recommendation is for the disease.Chemotherapy can be used at any stage and is not necessary for cure . In later stages there are many different types of treatment that are termed multi-modality . . they are used in combinations to reach a cure . . in general this will include chemotherapy, surgery, and radiation. But there are many combinations and other types of treatment available depending on the type of cancer you are dealing with.Good luck. Remember there is always hope despite whatever you read here or elsewhere. Statistics do not apply to individuals. Be strong.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9719
Google it.......stages of cancer
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9720
I believe 4.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41570
Unless you give some more details it is difficult to answer your questions. You have to tell the place at which cancer is affected and various conditions of the patient. Anyway I will try to answer your question as far as I can. There are 4 four stages in the disease(which includes Stage I, II, III, IIIA, IIIB, and IV). Chemotherapy is not the only Treatment for cancer.   The main purpose of chemotherapy is to kill cancer cells. It can be used as the primary form of treatment or as a supplement to other treatments. Chemotherapy is often used to treat patients with cancer that has spread from the place in the body where it started (metastasized), but it may also be used the keep cancer from coming back (adjuvant therapy). Chemotherapy destroys cancer cells anywhere in the body. It even kills cells that have broken off from the main tumor and traveled through the blood or lymph systems to other parts of the body.Chemotherapy can cure some types of cancer. In some cases, it is used to slow the growth of cancer cells or to keep the cancer from spreading to other parts of the body. When a cancer has been removed by surgery, chemotherapy may be used to keep the cancer from coming back (adjuvant therapy). It is also helpful in reducing the tumor size prior to surgery (primary [neoadjuvant]chemotherapy). Chemotherapy can ease the symptoms of cancer (palliate), helping some patients have a better quality of life. Other two  treatements mainly surgery and Radiation therapy need to be given with Chemotheraphy. Generally Oncologist try to cure the disease at any stage by after stage Ii it becomes difficult. Even if the disease eradicated the side effects will kill the patient. Stage IV is said to be terminal. Further the grade of the disease, i.e. the speed at which the cancerous cells multiply also counts very much. So  early detection of the disease, which is possible only by periodical say YEARLY CANCER DETECTION TESTS, can only give some relief of cure. It detection is delayed the disease may show up it may show up at Stage III level only and if the grade is higer you will not have the oppertunity to even treat. SO REGULAR CANCER DETECTION TESTS BY ALL, specially by WOMEN IS A MUST.  I REQUEST ALL TO HAVE THIS DONE AS CANCER IS STILL AN ENIGMA AND SHOULD BE TREATED CORRECTLY. -
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41571
Dependant on which cancer and what stage the Doctor gives you cannot diagnose this yourself.With all cancer its only treatable if caught early on the size of the tumour isn t to large as it is a surgeons decision whether the cancer is operable or not.So only your surgeon can say whather he/she is willing to operate.With most later stages of cancer you will be told there isnt anything they can do but they will still sometimes offer a course of chemo just to help slow growth.In all fairness a timeline is hard to give out and even though many places say can be years my nan had lung cancer and from being diagnosed untill death it was 8 weeks,I also hear this from many other people that my time frame would normaly be about 8-12 weeks.But then again my grandfather now has advanced stomach cancer he was diagnosed 11weeks ago and has rapidly worsend and we dont think it will be long,and are sure he wont be here for summer this year.Thing to remember is on diagnoses of cancer the patient can still seem so fit and well and then you can really see what an aggressive disease cancer is with how fast it spreads and causes the person to become no way near who they used to be.Whatever you circumstances for asking this question best of luck and seek proffesional advice all opinions expressed in my answer are that of my own only.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54073
The answer is very broad because each person with even the same cancer will react differently. I knew two brothers with the same type of cancer diagnosed within 4 weeks of each other and the progression of each individuals disease was very different from the other ones.

QUESTION ID: HFPGNWFIHYMPN65
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are we not so worried about blue shifted stars and galaxies?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72989
Blue shifting galaxies are ones that are headed more towards us than away. The spectrum we see from a galaxy is a combination of its more or less random speed relative to us due to interations with other galaxies, and the redshift from the expansion of the universe.Unless a galaxy is very close, the redshift expansion will dominate so that only redshifts are detected.The big exception is the Andromeda galaxy, which is a spiral just like the Milky Way galaxy, and a mere 2.9 million light years away and is the closest big galaxy to ours. In terms of being worried about it well...Andromeda is heading out way, and well collide with the Milky Way Galaxy in about 4 billion years or so.That means is one were to stand on Earth or Mars the sky would be increasingly taken up by the fuzzy blog of Andromeda until suddenly (relativity speaking) the whole things is a huge explosion of stars.Not a literal explosions. Stars are very far apart from each other relative to their size, and about zero stars will actually collide.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72990
Mostly because they are the exception rather then the rule. Most of the galaxies are going away from each other at an ever increasing rate, leading to a dark and cold Universe in the very distant future (unless this trend is reversed by some unknown physical phenomenon). Only within a local group of galaxies can you find some that are approaching each other. For example, Andromeda, the closest galaxy to our Milky Way, is getting closer to us, so the light coming from it is marked by a blue shift.

QUESTION ID: HGAZO6UILR7RKI0
QUESTION SUBJECT: Plzz don t just give me the answer. I need to know how to do the problems.?
QUESTION CONTENT: How do I  factor x2+8x+12 completely? And how do I simplify this expression? 5square root of 288.Any  help will appreciated.the 2 after the X is a power. I didn t know how else to put it on there. X to the power of 2An expression has no equal sign. Its not to solve the problem just to factor it down.In the sec. problem the 5 is the index not five times the sq root of 288. Thanks everyone for the help.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 8017
For the first question,draw 2 parenthesis like this: ( ) ( )then put two x s inside of them: (x ) (x )this will give you the X2 part.Then look at the second symbol.It is an addition sign.that means the signs in the parenthesis will be the same.The second symbol  is also an addition sign, so the signs in the parenthesis will be both + signs. so: (x+ ) (x+ )Then look at all the factors of the second number (12)1 * 122 * 63 * 4Find out which one of these factor combinations adds up to the second number (8)That is 2 and 6.So these numbers go after the addition sign in the parenthesis.(x+2) (x+6)now multiply these and you should get your answer to be the original problem.(x+2) (x+6)x*x= X2x*6= 6xthen 2*x= 2x2*6= 12Add like terms: 6x+2x= 8xPut all the terms together andyou get: X2 + 8x + 12.:]
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6660
Consider the below expression:(x+a)(x+b) Opening the brackets and expanding the above expression leads to the below:x^2 +(a+b)x + abSo any expression of the form x^2 +(a+b)x + ab can be factorised into (x+a)(x+b)So taking your above expression x^2 + 8x + 12, we need to find out if there are any two numbers a and b such that a+b = 8  and ab = 12.So let us try solving the 2 equationsa + b = 8ab = 12When we solve the above expressions we get the below solutionsa=2, b=6So x^2 + 8x + 12 = x^2 +(2+6)x +2*6                          Now the above is of the form x^2 +(a+b)x + ab which can be factorised into (x+a)(x+b). So in this case(x+2)(x+6)Hope this helps. Now the 2nd part 5 square root of 288to find square root of 288 start factorising 288First see if 288 is divisible by 2 ( the smallest prime number)In this case you find it is. When you divide 288 by 2 you get 144Now see if 144 is a perfect square. You can see that 144 is a perfect square. It is the square of 12.So 288 = 2 * 144Square root of 288 = Square root of (2 * 144) = Square root of 2 * Square root of 144= 12 * Square root of 2So 5 Square root of 288 = 5 * 12 * Square root of 2= 60 * Square root of 2
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12380
First:First find a number that can be divided evenly into every number.  For your problem it will be 2.  Divide each number by that number.  Put the answer in parenthesis and put the number that can be divided by all the numbers before it.  The answer for yours will be 2(x+4x+6)Second:To find the square root of 288, divide 288 into square factors.  Find the square root of the square factors, and put it infront of the square root sign.  All remaining factors, keep in the square root sign.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70123
x^2+8x+12 To find the factors of te expression, solve the equation.use the discriminant to solve x^2+8x+12  =0D = 8^2 -4(12) = 16 =4^2x1 = (-8 -4)/2 = -6x2 = (-8 +4)/2 = -2x^2+8x+12 = (x - x1)(x - x2)x^2+8x+12  = (x +6)(x+2)288^(1/5)288 = 2*2*2*2*2*3^2 = (2^5)(9)288^(1/5) = 2 (9^(1/5))
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70124
x^2+8x+12 = (x+2)(x+6)Trick is to look at the factors of 12 and find the pair that totals 812 1 ==>136 2 ==>84 3 ==>73 4 ==>72 6 ==>81 12 ==>13-12 -1 ==>-13-6 -2 ==>-8-4 -3 ==>-7-3 -4 ==>-7-2 -6 ==>-8-1 -12 ==>-13So as you can see, the factors of 12 we need are 2 and 65 * sqrt(288) = 5 * sqrt(2 * 144)  = 5 * sqrt(2 * 12 * 12) =5 * 12 * sqrt(2) =  60 sqrt(2)

QUESTION ID: HH6KJ4GDHDN6OPQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is gardening not permitted when my white blood cell count is low?
QUESTION CONTENT: The count is a little low due to chemotherapy.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 55729
you can pick up a germ very easy and when your white count is too low its hard to fight off the most smallest infection such as a simple cut on the finger if you wont to garden try putting your knees on a pillow and wearing gloves and maybe a mask that covers your mouth and nose i know how it feels to wont to do thing and they tell you ,you cant because you have cancer but there is always a way to do it if you put your mind to it dont give up the things you love thats what keeps you going and good luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45177
because if you scratch youself you could get bloodpoisoning easily
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55730
Granulocytopenia is an abnormally low concentration of granulocytes in the blood. This condition reduces the body s resistance to many infections.Neutrophils usually make up 50-70% of circulating white blood cells and serve as the primary defence against infections by destroying bacteria in the blood. Hence, patients with neutropenia are more susceptible to bacterial infections and without prompt medical attention, the condition may become life-threatening.Low white cell counts are associated with chemotherapy, radiation therapy, leukemia (as malignant cells overwhelm the bone marrow), myelofibrosis and aplastic anemia (destruction of the bone marrow by the immune system). In addition, many common medications can cause leukopenia.The terms agranulocytosis , granulocytopenia, and neutropenia are often used interchangeably, although agranulocytosis implies a more severe deficiency than granulocytopenia , and neutropenia implies a deficiency of neutrophils only. To be precise, neutropenia is the term used to describe absolute neutrophil counts (ANC)<500 per microlitre. Whereas, agranulocytosis is reserved for cases with ANC<100 per microlitre. The following terms can be used to specify the type of granulocyte referenced:    * neutrophil -- neutropenia    * eosinophil -- eosinopenia - not commonly used    * basophil -- basopenia - very rarely usedPlease see the web pages for more details on Agranulocytosis, Granulocytopenia, Neutropenia and Leukopenia.

QUESTION ID: HK61CTF4GHN1NQL
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to overcome problems relating to memory in obsessive compulsive disorder?
QUESTION CONTENT: male27 yearssuffering from ocd and ocpd
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76533
Treatment for OCD can include psychological treatments and medications. Psychological treatment can improve symptoms, and this improvement is often maintained in the long term. Cognitive behaviour therapy Cognitive behaviour therapy aims to change patterns of thinking, beliefs and behaviours that may trigger anxiety and obsessive compulsive symptoms. This therapy uses education to promote control over symptoms. The education includes information that helps to expose myths about the causes of OCD. Part of the therapy involves gradually exposing the person to situations that trigger their obsessions and, at the same time, helping them to reduce their compulsions and avoidance behaviours. This process is gradual and usually begins with the less feared situations. The exposure tasks and prevention of compulsions are repeated daily and consistently until anxiety decreases. Over time, this allows the person to rebuild trust in their capacity to manage and function, even with anxiety.Cognitive behavioural therapy should be undertaken with a skilled, specialist mental health professional. Over-use of alcohol, drugs and some medications may interfere with the success of this type of treatment. Anxiety management techniquesAnxiety management techniques can help a person to manage their own symptoms. Such techniques can include relaxation training, slow breathing techniques, meditation and hyperventilation control. These techniques require regular practice and are most effective if used together with a cognitive behavioural treatment program. Psychotherapy Psychotherapy with a psychologist may assist the person with OCD to deal with issues and problems that have been caused or exacerbated by the disorder. MedicationSome medications, especially antidepressants that affect the serotonin system, have been found to reduce symptoms of OCD. This medication can only be prescribed by a medical practitioner. Side effects of antidepressants may include nausea, headaches, dry mouth, blurred vision, dizziness and feeling sleepy. These effects often decline after the first few weeks of treatment. If your side effects are severe or last for a long time, you should discuss this with your doctor. It usually takes several weeks for medication to deliver any effects. When reducing or stopping medication, the dose should be reduced slowly under medical supervision.HospitalisationAssessment and treatment in hospital can be helpful for some people, particularly when they first begin treatment for OCD or when symptoms are severe. A stay in hospital may last from several days to a few weeks. Support groups and educationSupport groups allow people with OCD and their families to meet in comfort and safety, and give and receive support. The groups also provide the opportunity to learn more about the disorder and to develop social networks.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25245
Treating OCD is not an easy task. One of the most successful therapies involves placing a person in a situation that usually triggers his anxiety, but the patient is not allowed to engage in the compulsive behavior that is the typical response. The idea is that eventually the stress from not performing the compulsive behavior will lessen over time to the point where the person no longer feels compelled to do it.Prescription drugs have also proven successful in reducing a person s obsessive thoughts and compulsive behaviors; this approach will not necessarily resolve the problem entirely but will free a person to live a normal life while confronting the issues appropriately through therapy.

QUESTION ID: HKXDDPWGZCVWE8O
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can a lemon save an apple?
QUESTION CONTENT: I need help on my science project. It is based on how a lemon can help an apple. I need help, quick! I have to present it in two days. I hope for a reply within these two days.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25364
I believe the higher acidity (citric acid?) of lemon juice will help preserve the apple (i.e. not turn brown) after it is cut and exposed to the oxygen in the air.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25365
Lemon somehow prevents the apple from obtaining oxygen. Here is a quote: The browning is caused by a reaction among three chemicals: phenols, enzymes and oxygen. The phenols reside in one part of the apples cells, while the enzymes reside in another. When an apple is cut or bruised, cells are broken open. The phenols and the enzymes are then free to react with each other, assisted by the newly available oxygen at the surface. The result of these reactions is a hodgepodge of brown chemicals. All three -- phenols, enzymes and oxygen -- are needed to make the brown chemicals.One way to inhibit these browning reactions is to knock out the enzymes. No enzymes, no browning. Enzymes are proteins, and acids will kill, that is, destructively deform, them. So lemon juice, the strongest acid in your edible arsenal, is often recommended as a brown-blocker. Just toss the apple pieces with a teaspoon or so of lemon juice. Also, as soon as you assemble the salad, the apple surfaces become coated with mayonnaise or other dressing, which will protect them from the air. No oxygen, no browning. From the Site:http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/01/03/AR2006010300344.html

QUESTION ID: HM00UMZ3M5NVLT7
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you write short stories? what are the basics of getting started?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am trying to write a short 12-14 pages childrens story but i have no idea how to gather or organize my thoughts. Is there a simple process i can follow?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 80368
The link below is to the book: Creating Short Fiction by Damon Knight. Whatever you do, write down everything. At the beginning, don t worry about grammar or spelling.  Just get all your ideas on the page.  You will be able to go back and reorganize, edit and add later, but if you don t get those first inspirational ideas written down, you will lose them.Also, get into the habit of carrying a pocket notebook, so you can jot down whatever comes into your head.Get into the habit of setting some time aside each day, even if it s only 15 minutes, and write.  If you have a special place to write, great - but learn to write anywhere - while waiting at the doctor s office, on line at the store.Do not censor your ideas. Write them down. Do not expect to write a perfect, final story in one draft.  You will edit and rewrite many times before it is finished.  Every author who ever lived has had to rewrite.Check out the possibility of taking a continuing education class in short story writing or joining a writers group.  Be careful - some criticism is helpful and some is destructive.  If the group uses Peter Elbow s critique methods - that s a good one to join - he has a way of handling feedback that does not destroy the writer s spirit. The second link will lead you to Peter Elbow s Writing With Power. It s the fourth title in that listGood luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28423
Basically come up with a plot, characters, conflict, and resolution and make sure it all involves midgets.....for a short story .

QUESTION ID: HQ7R073DHBQOGW4
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is kidney cancer diagnosed?
QUESTION CONTENT: And yes...yes...I do know to go to the doctor.  Duh.  We have an appointment, I JUST HATE WAITING and want to know what to expect.  A 2.5 cm mass (not a cyst, he has those too) was discovered during a CAT scan he was having for his hernias.A friend s husband s tumor was discovered during an ultrasound after he passed blood, then it was confirmed by the CAT scan...I m assuming because he already was displaying symptoms and the tumor was much larger (8 cm) is the reason for the difference...So what is done when it s obviously very early and discovered by chance?  How do they diagnose?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 216
They must remove or biopsy the tumor. What happens next depends on the pathology report - if it is cancer, what kind, how advanced, etc. They may remove the kidney, do chemo, radiation, etc. An acquaintance of mine was diagnosed with kidney cancer last year. I don t know the size of the mass, but it was discovered when he had painful urination and dark urine and something abnormal showed up in his urine test when he went to have that checked out. (We both volunteer for a medical agency, which is why we re so open discussing this kind of stuff.) He had to have his kidney removed but now he s 100%. He didn t have to get chemo or radiation because his oncologist felt that it was contained to the kidney and had not moved elsewhere.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 217
My Mum was diagnosed with kidney cancer in May this year. Her first symptoms where extreme night sweats, weight loss... then she had 3 bleeds in her urine. She then went to the doctor (i wish she had have gone earlier she hid it from us) she did urine tests where they found a high blood count in the urine. Mum then had an ultra sound where they found a 5cm mass. At first thought they where going to take the kidney out then biopsy it to prevent it from spreading. She was then booked in for a ct scan where they found it had spread to her liver and lung. She had 3 small tumours approx 3 cm in the liver. and numerous spots in the lung. Approx 6 weeks later no treatment was given because the incompetent doctors couldn t find the primary cancer after 3 biopsies and numerous tests!!! the tumours had grown heaps. There was no kidney left it was all tumor, one of the tumours in the liver had growth to over 12cm, and the spots on the lungs had doubled a multiplied. They tried her on a drug called sutent which was a complete was of time (was too late by this point) It just made Mum sicker and did nothing to even slow the cancer down. Mum pasted away sept 7 aged 60. She was only sick four months. I hope this doesn t upset you it just what i went thru with Mum. Please contact me if you have any questions. xx

QUESTION ID: HQKNZIXIXWTJMP6
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you publish a book?
QUESTION CONTENT: If I sat down and wrote a book I suppose I would need an editor of some sort.  Not that my grammar and spelling is THAT bad, but I m not exactly an English major either.  I would also have to find a publisher etc.  I guess I would even have to figure out how to get my books on store shelves.  I don t even know how much all this would cost.  The person offering me the most information (baby steps detail)  that is easiest to understand will get best answer.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 22075
Sysv1rus,Here s what I give everyone who asks this question. When you can do everything I have here and, do it well, you re ready to write and publish seriously. This is exactly what I went through when I published my first book.Read on:Writing a book takes more than just sitting down and putting your idea into words. There are a lot of things that you have to consider.You need a good grasp of the English language. Spelling and Grammar. You will also need to check and recheck your work. Editors are very expensive these days. You need to know how to write an effective ???query letter??? to a literary agent.Can you write a synopsis that will hold the interest of the agent, and want to make him or her ask for the first three chapters of your work?Do you know how to outline?You???ll need to know how to format your manuscript. This includes the fonts thatmost agents, editors, and publishers want. You will need to follow submission guidelines just as they are laid down for your submissions. Anything less will result in your manuscript sent back or destroyed unread.Do you know what Point of View is? (POV) Do you know how to write in First Person Point of View? The can???s and can not???s? Do you know how to write dialogue? How to format dialogue? It???s a good idea to know some of the publishing laws. The use of names and places. These includeoDelivery Of Satisfactory Copy oPermission for Copyrighted Material oGrant Of Rights oProofreading and Author s Corrections oAdvances and Royalties oAuthor s Warranties and Indemnities oCopies to Author oOption Clause      Do you know how to get a ???word count? Do you know what a prologue is? An epilogue? Do you know how both of them are used and why?Do you know what the word ???genre??? means?You???ll need to know how to use the proper ???page set up??? for your work. Margins, indents, paragraphs.Are you prepared to do a lot of ???research??? involving your work? Many professionals such as, doctors, lawyers, nurses, public accountants, judges, architects, bricklayers, engineers, and police officers read, too.Do you know what a plot is? A sub-plot?Can you take rejection and constructive criticism? If you???re easily hurt in the feelings department, then this hobby is not meant for you. Critics will tear you apart or build you up. The best writers in the world ???King, Patterson, Koontz, J.K. Rowling, and many others??? have been torn up one side and down the other. You can???t please everyone.If you decide to hire an editor, remember: Your manuscript will be double spaced, which means there will be twice as many pages. A 600 page novel could cost you around $1800.00, some even more depending on what the editor charges a page.These are the things you must know to work at your craft. But don???t let these things deter you from writing.There are books in libraries and bookstores that can teach you all of these things. Buying these books (if you want to be a serious writer) is the best thing to do. Why? Well, because you can use a yellow marker to highlight all the points of interest. Then you can use the front of the book to make page references to those markings in order to check back on them at a later date, when you need to.You???ll need to get a copy of Writer???s Market for the current year. This has literary agents whom you can send out query letters to. Some of them allow email queries.I wish you the best of luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3488
I suggest you buy a book about/or go to the library to study up on how to publish. My favorite book over the years has always been Writer s Market. It will tell you a great deal about each baby-step necessary to take to get a book out. The book is a bit costly, so be sure to get the 2008 version...or make notes at the library.At a library, you could also ask the reference librarian what he or she may suggest. It s truly amazing what these people know. And they have a great deal of info right there, as well as all those books... (I ve also read that Stephen King s book On Writing is good, at least about writing... though it s been around for a while.)Yes, you would need an editor, an agent (not necessarily in that order, though I use an editor first)-- then let the agent think about which publishers would like your kind of writing. That is how he or she will make his/her money.Just read up on it for yourself. Writer s Market is quite clear. If it isn t clear enough, the librarian will tell you another to try. I simply ask you to read on it yourself because there are a variety of steps to follow (synopsis, query letters, etc.) and if you see them in a book, in black and white, (and make notes if it s not your book)... you ll figure it out. Don t let any of these steps keep you from trying to publish a book if that is what you really want to do. Write and re-write a lot. Then follow the usual steps. Please do Not self-publish, as you would never see your books on store shelves that way. That s all I can think of. :)Luck to you--
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61545
I would recommend getting an agent (who will collect a fee), but if you choose to do it on your own and would like to try publishing houses instead of self-publishing or going with Vanity Press, go to the bookstore or library and figure out what books are like the one you wrote. You can find out which publishing house released that book by checking the copyright page. Armed with your list of publishing houses, find out what their submissions guidelines are by visiting their websites. Most houses ask for a few sample chapters, a synopsis, a SASE, and a cover letter. Mail out your submissions, and you should hear back from them. Be patient, however. This part of the publishing process takes a while, since editors are swamped and don t get to check submissions as often as they would like.If accepted and you went out on your own, I would suggest hiring a lawyer, at least, to review the contracts drawn, paying special attention to the rights of the book (rights are broken into segments, where you may have rights to certain things and the publisher has rights to certain things, like media rights, selling to the UK, etc.).I would also not disregard PAPERBACK imprints, either. Paperback imprints are easier to publish with, turnaround time with production is faster, and they are more forgiving with submissions. You may not get paid as much as with hardcover imprints, but it is often easier and can help you get your foot in the door. (For example, one of my authors started out in paperback, and her book was a National Book Award finalist.)I would have someone edit my book, but  once your manuscript is accepted, the in-house editor will further edit our work.If you don t get an agent, who will charge you fees, you will not have to pay for anything other than postage on delivering your manuscript. You ll eventually see your book at the various stages of production, but not too many: the copyedited manuscript, 1st pass galleys (the copyedited manuscript with the typefaces picked out and the pages designed), and perhaps 2nd pass galleys. The next time you ll see the book after that would be when you got samples of it, jacketed and bound.And don t worry about how to get them on the shelves. That s what the Sales force is for!

QUESTION ID: HR055SHK4LFWN8E
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why would anyone want to homeschool their kids?
QUESTION CONTENT: Don t we need a break from our kids?  It seems they need a break from us parents.  They also need to get socialized.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 52729
Most parents do it for religious reasons but here are some other reasons:1. Homeschoolers generally recieve a better academic education2. Parents can control what their kids are exposed to and when.3. Homeschoolers generally have better social skills than their traditionally schooled peers (mostly because parents are there to help with social problems as they arise)4.  Homeschoolers have closer relationships with their parents5.  Homeschoolers are less likely to hav behavioral problems6.  The symptoms of many learning and developmental disibilities (sucah as Asperger s Syndrome and ADHD) become significantly more mild and in some cases disapear altogether when the kids are switched from a classroom setting to homeschool.7. Homeschooling works around your family s schedule rather than the family having to work their lives around a schools schedule.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38116
Thats because theyre parents have different beliefs or its just that theyre parents are overprotective to their child
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38117
Huh! Interesting bunch of responses so far!As a former public school teacher, I have to admit that I couldn t figure it out either.  I truly thought homeschooling was really weird and wanted my kids to have a normal childhood with all of the activities and social interaction that public school provided.Now, as a mom, I see the other side. We actually did start off in public school, but now we homeschool. I did a ton of research on homeschooling before I had the nerve to try it. And when we started, it was only on a trial basis. We hoped we wouldn t mess our son up over the next semester. That was four years ago, and all of our kids are doing great!As it turns out, it was one of the best choices we ve ever made. At the risk of annoying someone with the facts which may come across as bragging, our kids are very normal, and at or well above grade level in every subject. It turns out we are capable of teaching our own kids. Who knew?There is just so much quality curricula that is available to the homeschool community as well. And, considering the public schools are filled with uncertified or emergency certified teachers, you might be more qualified than you think.As far as needing a break from my kids, or vice versa?  I really don t think we need breaks from each other. We really enjoy being together and get along great. However, since we all have very active lives, we do spend quite a bit of time away from each other.Since I think I ve been responding to the responses more than to the original question, let me go back and address that. We decided to try homeschool for reasons that would take too long to go into here. We ve continued to homeschool because, after having experienced both options, homeschooling definitely is the best choice for our family. It allows us so much freedom and flexibility, and it allows our kids time to be kids. They have lots of friends and have time and energy for extracurricular activities without sacrificing our family time. We can plan our vacations and field trips at times when the majority are in school and avoid all the crowds. All this and an education, too! :-)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38118
Some parents do need a break from their kids and some kids do need a break from their parents. Homeschooling would not be for them. However, just because a parent finds that they need a lot of breaks from their kids does not mean they should assume that ALL parents need the same amount of breaks from their kids.Please think about what people did BEFORE all the kids were sent to school--were people suffering for thousands of years because they spent a lot of time with their kids? No. So, the current seeming to need a break from parents/kids is not a general rule of humanity, but a current trend , if you will. Just like the whole parents need to go out on dates on a regular basis . No, they don t. It s a recommendation that could be beneficial, but using the word need is a dangerous word that implies a necessity to human functioning that just isn t there.If homeschooled kids will not get socialized, then please tell us all how kids were socialized before there were public schools. It has only been within the past 100-150 years that kids went in masses to schools. Are you trying to say that the majority of the people of the past were unsocialized?I m a former elementary school teacher. While this is not one of my reasons for homeschooling, I will say that I much prefer spending my days with my kids, raising my kids, teaching my kids, than I do spending my days raising and teaching kids from 30 other families, changing every year. I do sometimes need a break from my kids, which is why dh and I will go out on dates and the kids have a decent bedtime and they are involved in extracurricular activities and we go to homeschooling activities during the day where the kids go off and do their thing while the adults hang around and do their thing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52730
Old-school parent-sites (parasites) believe that everyone, but themselves, are bacteria-spreading war-mongers.These parents who home-school their children are God-fearing introverted kok-suckers.Forgive the abuse of hyhens.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85262
Actually, no, I don t need a break from my kids. i like them, and they like me. We have a good relationship.I have five different kids that I homeschool for different reasons. If you don t want to homeschool, don t. You don t have to come on here and insult other people by using invalid arguments to promote public schooling. 1) You can get into any college with homeschooling. From community colleges to Ivy League universities accept gladly those who homeschool.2) The attentive and caring homeschooling parent will ensure that their child receives social free time as well as advanced academics. As we ve experienced, it seems more than adequate to relate to other age peers, as abnormal as that is in typical adult life. You don t work with 30 other people your exact age, and aren t forced to spend nine hours a day with people YOU don t like. It doesn t create any kind of healthy mental facilities.3) The argument that we re homeschooling because we re christian fanatics is ridiculous. There is a large contingent of agnostic, atheistic, as well as pagan homeschoolers. Search yahoo groups.4) Children with special needs often thrive in the one-on-one attention that public schools refuse to provide.

QUESTION ID: HREQNS8F4WAPXTG
QUESTION SUBJECT: Home school chemistry laboratory.  How can a parent who is not a chemist cope with lab work?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have a degree in chemistry and years of chemistry lab teaching experience.  I know how difficult it is to teach a chem lab.  How is it possible for home schoolers to perform this without cheating their students (children)?Let me get this straight.  I am not putting down home schooling, but I do know that chemistry labs are very important in preparation for college level chemistry studies.I have seen home school students who could take the college chemistry with no problems, but I also had students who were no where near prepared for the hands-on laboratory.Chemistry, unlike some other subjects, cannot be taught correctly without the laboratory exercises.  This would be like teaching auto mechanics without a shop experienced.I do not want to hear about how poor your local public school might be.  That is the fault of the voters in your locality.  I want to know how home school teachers cope with teaching chemistry as a laboratory subject in preparation for jobs or higher education.Is there a need for some home school specialists?I am not against home schooling.  I am trying to learn some details.  I know from personal experience that my parents were not capable of teaching me chemistry at home.I know that at the college level, many of my students who required the most help (especially in the laboratory) were home schooled.  But most were capable of putting in the effort that was needed to catch up.As to who other than chemists might need chemistry, many.   Doctor and nurses and other health care professionals are one group (some of which have less than adequate chemistry education).One cannot argue logically with a scientist and win if one does not know science.A parent who has never taken a chemistry course would be brave or foolish to believe that lab lessons are not needed.  Chemists know the importance of labs in teaching.If you are not an artist, you might have a difficult time teaching a student to oil paint.  Saying the labs are not needed is not coping, it is avoiding the issue.heartintennessee --Most have no problems with the theory.  It is the physical use of the equipment and instruments where problems arise.  Some were taught to pipet by mouth!  Most did not know the proper use of a balance (even a digital one).  Little things, like knowing to hold a coin shaped stopper between the fingers instead of laying it down.  Many could not use a spatula or rubber policeman correctly.  Most had no idea how to assemble pieces with ground glass connectors or how to properly adjust a burner flame.Only a couple had ever seen or used a cylinder of compressed gas.  Most could not read the liquid level (meniscus) in a graduated cylinder.Other problems had to do with recording in ink and never scratching out any mistakes (a line should be drawn through the incorrect recording).Many did not even know to tie their hair back and not wear sandals in the lab.  Some all but refused to wear goggles.There must be hundreds more, but these were the most common,
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 51327
Yes, a home school specialist program taught by a professional is a valuable service.  We enrolled our homeschoolers in the Discovery Museum classes as much as possible. It was worthwhile training. We also had them attend the Art Museum classes, and many other opportunities that we found at various public facilities.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 215
First of all, there are a LOT of chemistry kits and experiment books out there for things that can be done at home.Second, there are various programs out there that can be used that include video demonstrations.Third, I don t know about where you live, but where I live, the students often only get to do one or two chem labs a year, IF they re lucky. They will get a few demos. There is simply too much in the provincial curriculum to do, not to mention that a lot of the classes simply have too many students--and we don t hire lab assistants here. I ve actually attended a session where a high school chem teacher told a homeschooling mom, who had asked if she should send her son to school for chem, that she can do the necessary lab work at home and that the students often don t get lab work where we live so homeschooled students aren t really missing out. She also said that as long as they do any sort of simple lab work, with learning how to follow procedures, make observations and write up reports, they will be totally fine for college-level chem courses.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10263
Well, the program or book is supposed to do that.It s supposed to set up an experiment with materials and then you do it.I don t personally know IF any of them do it, but that is how it is supposed to be done.If I were writing a book and had an accredit class and you were supposed to turn in work I d do a chapter on electrical bonding and then give a simple lab experiment.Go to the hobby shop and buy a bottle of Copper Sulfate and either some Zinc Strip to go to Radio Shack and get a small spool of solid Nickle wire and a 9 volt battery and a battery cap with wires.Dissolve the copper sulfate into a small beaker or drinking glass with no more than 6 ounces of water, mix throughly. Cut the Zinc strip in half or cut two 1 sections of nickel wire and strip off several inches from both sides of insulation.  Connect the leads of the battery to each section.  Place them at opposite sides of the glass dipping half the bare nickel wire or zinc strip into the solution and wait two minutes.Make not of any reaction you observe inside the liquid in the glass on your lab report sheet.After the time has elapsed remove the wire or strips from the water and detail what you see on both strips.Attach the wires or strips to the lab report and send it in.Of course, as a chemisty YOU know exactly what will occur, but they don t.  They might suspect, but they don t know.So you do the experiment and write down what you see.Then you ask them to say why they think what they saw occured and how it relates to the chapter in the book they read.That s you re lab experiment.A lot of it can be done with hobby shop stuff.I suppose you can substitute copper strip or copper wire and use household table salt and get similar results.In fact (while I ve never done THAT experiment) if my view is correct I d use that as a second experiment.Now if you want to get techical you have them explain what happens chemically, but you need to write information on how to dervie that in the bookOR you can send that to them after they turn in the experiment and give them a detailed explaination of the breakdown and what occurs chemically in the water and to the metals and the resulting changes in the solution.A lot depends on if this is 12th grade chemistry or 6th grade chemistry.There are hobby shop chemicals you can buy to qualitative and quantitive experiments.  Liquids that render a pigmented solution clear after enough of the liquid is added.  You need to figure out precisely how many grams to chemical to put into how many ML of water and then you set a drip (that requires buying some lab equipment) and count the drips.  You measure the liquid before and after and determines how many ML of the solution was required to turn the pigmented solution clear.You have to devise experiments that are readily available to the homeschool student.As one biology home school student pointed out you can t do live frog work easily.  Not even YOU can walk into a supply house and buy a jar of Ether, but it is readily available to a school system.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14675
This can be done by :- Joining some regular evening classes for learning the things.- Can employ an expert on part time basis for learning/teaching the intricacies;- Hiring services of service providers on periodic basis.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38698
talk to the school department
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51328
I never found lab work in school benefcial whatsoever. The only thing that matters is the text material. lab work just calls for fun stuff to keep the interests up. I work in a chemical lab myself and someof the stuff I remember doing in school can easly be done in a kitchen. its not like schools use anything hazardous that s heavily regulated. There are kits you can buy to make crystals which is still being done, anything using a bunsen burner can be done on the stove top with adult supervision. Actually kits exist at the Scholastic book stores for just about any science experiment. No one is really cheated out of anything.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51329
It s not that hard. Any parent who is involved enough to homeschool will be able to figure out chemistry, and the supplies can be found herehttp://www.hometrainingtools.com/catalog/chemistry/cat_lab-equipment.htmlI have a personal story that might work here. In high school, I had a lot of trouble with chemistry. One month in, I didn t understand anything the teacher was saying. She even told my mom on parent night in front of the class that I had the lowest grade in the entire school ( I think it was 38%) . Nice. After that, I asked to be transfered to another teacher. Within two weeks, my grade was up to a C . The difference? The teacher taught in a manner that worked to my learning style. She didn t tell me it was too hard. She didn t assume (as did the first teacher) that I just couldn t understand it. Unfortunately, I never got above a C in high school chemistry (granted,it was a math and science magnet school), because I already engrained the idea that it was too hard.Got to college, went in with the same feeling. Got a C in basic chemistry. Went to Organic Chemistry, got an A . Best teacher I ever had. After that class, all the rest made more sense. Maybe, when I was struggling with basic chemistry, if I had been able to look at organic chem, it would have all made sense twenty years ago. But schools can t do that. They have to go in order, and teach what they are told to teach.Now, I love chemistry. It all makes sense, and once the book work makes sense, the lab is easy. I m sorry that you find it difficult, but teaching a large number of kids is much different than teaching one or two. We can focus on that child, instead of mass instruction. We can figure out experiments in our own time, without the struggle of putting it into a school schedule and two hour time slots. I think my son actually benefits from this, because he can take the time to figure it out, rather than just have a teacher tell us what s going on. He can set everything up himself, and clean everything himself. At 12, he s already balancing equations and can figure out in his head what the reactions will be.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51330
Ditto, it is just not that hard. And as far as cheating the students, I seriously hope you ask the same question of highschool teachers. I took chemistry in public highschool and it was taught, and the lab was conducted by our highschool basketball coach (i got an A btw). In college my chemistry theory class was taught by a chem professor (so boring, giant auditorium, hundreds of students, you couldn t even ask questions) but the lab wastaught by a teaching assistant. That assistant did not have a degree in chemistry and in fact they conducted the experiments and such right from the book,.My daughter has a friend that attends public highschool (please note the socialization with the real world !). She was visiting over the weekend and noticed my sewing machine set up in the living room. She asked if I had any empty spools she could have. Why? we have a project in IPC (integrated physics and chemistry, sophomore level class) that we are working on and I need four spools. We are building cars out of jello boxes and using the spools for wheels. My daughter and I got a big kick out of that, but we did not laugh in front of her.Every homeschool science lab I have been a part of has been literally hundreds of times more interesting and more relevant that anything I ever experienced in the public schools, from first grade geology hands on classes to IPC and beyond (I ve had the opportunity to assist in some of the labs, observe in others).And I have to tell you, the homeschool students in the IPC class in our teaching co-op were not wasting time make jello box cars, the parents would not stand for that level of work from highschool students. First graders, yes, absolutely, but sophomores? Hardly.In addition to participating in teaching co-op labs, I, like many other parents, have set up countless science experiments in our own home, and we have had a ball, learned a lot, and these special times with my kids have sparked desires in them to learn more about science than anything else they have been involved in.Have we made mistakes and had failed experiments and such? Absolutely. Did we blow up the house? Nah.And as my kids would tell you if they could even when it doesn t turn out the way you expect, it is still science. In response to your additional details, I believe the poor condition of our public schools is extremely important in this question, because your original statement was concerned with students being cheated.In my opinion, more public school students are being cheated than homeschool students for the exact reasons I, and others have pointed out.and to ask your additional question, no, specialists are not needed. Like we said, it is not difficult to do, you just have to possess the ability to think outside the box.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51331
1) Cooperative education classes 2) Community Colleges3) We have a large pharma company in our area that provides some science / chemical educational opportunities to students4) One of my best friends is a chemist at a fortune 100 company and we get assistance that way (one of the things that we got turned on to is a concept called unit cancellation that is not typically taught until college - look into it).I thought once upon a time about starting a company - I was going to call it LabRats - to provide hands-on science laboratories to homeschool (and other) kids.  The labs would be professionally equipped (so parents did not have to invest in bunches of equipment) and lessons, experiments, supplies and such provided.  I still think it is a good idea but never and probably will never get it off the ground.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51332
We take a very simple approach; our first two children did not need any science courses past advanced biology for their career choices; actually they had more science credits than they needed, so chemistry was not an issue.If the others would like to take chemistry, they can take it at a local community college while they finish the rest of their high school program at home.Many science courses, labs, and experiments can very easily be done at home; there are several companies who will put together a kit for you.We can buy the same supplies, including specimens as the schools do, and good microscopes can be purchased for as little as $400.00 to $500.00.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57735
It is just NOT possible. It requires qualification, experience, and a license. Without valid license, a person making a chem lab of his own, and further trying to teach children, can be prosecuted by law.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57736
Richard, I m way out of your league when the subject involvement is chemistry. I did like chemistry in High School and the chem lab was state of the art at my School. It had to be for safety reasons. You, having yrs. of experience teaching lab, know how dangerous chemical science can become if not properly taught by a professor and or teacher of your caliber. There s no way  home schools can teach students chem lab.Where are the home school parents who know nothing about chemistry, think they re going to make a chem lab? the home garage with no ventilation system or chemical Fire system in place, emergency water flushing sinks etc...Richard , wouldn t that be against the Law trying to put together a chem lab in any residential house? Like you say, the only one being cheated out of a good education are the children.

QUESTION ID: HRUT2DR72SC62NB
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do Breast cancer charities/sponsorships ignore men?
QUESTION CONTENT: As far as my understanding was, men (although much more unlikely than women) can still get breast cancer.Why then are certain charity runs/events Women only ?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 47873
A lot of them do but more and more of the breast cancer charities are becoming aware that men need to be aware and are doing research into breast cancer in men, the Run for Life breast cancer charity allows men to run on their behalf, it really annoys me that its so in your face about it been aimed at women all the time, I lost my mom to breast cancer and I have a male cousin who is in the throws of chemotherapy for it now, men do get breast cancer as rare as they think it is it should really be made more aware to all men and not just women.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47874
I beg to differ with you sir, I do not think the Breast Cancer Charities ignore or refuse help to men having Beast Cancer. The affected patient or his relative should explain this to the authorities and they will certainly help men also. The events and charities focus Women because they get breast cancer more. You should know the facts of getting breast  cancer by men and women. Please read -Simply being a woman is the main risk factor for developing breast cancer. Although women have many more breast cells than men, the main reason they develop more breast cancer is because their breast cells are constantly exposed to the growth-promoting effects of the female hormones estrogen and progesterone. Men can develop breast cancer, but this disease is about 100 times more common among women than men.Even though men do not have breasts like women, they do have a small amount of breast tissue. In fact, the breasts of an adult man are similar to the breasts of a girl before puberty, and consist of a few ducts surrounded by breast and other tissue. In girls, this tissue grows and develops inresponse to female hormones, but in men -- who do not secrete the same amounts of these hormones -- this tissue does not develop.However, because it is still breast tissue, men can develop breast cancer. In fact, men get the same types of breast cancers that women do, although cancers involving the milk-producing and storing regions of the breast are very rare.Breast cancer in men is a very rare disease. This is possibly due to their smaller amount of breast tissue and the fact that men produce smaller amounts of hormones like estrogen that are known to affect breast cancers in women.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47875
It s questions like this that make people more alert to the real issues. HAVE A STAR! Breast Cancer Awareness is the key. October is Breast Cancer and Domestic Violence Awareness Month and October 18th is Avon s Annual Wear Pink Day. I m sure this supports your claim however Awareness is Awareness and we should get it out there any way available. The money that goes to the cause is there to support the cause not just the Females that get it. There are walks and races and many other events that support Breast Cancer Awareness. For Foundation Products and Fund-raising information see>www.youravon.com/clott<no links allowed please type the address in your address bar. Please wear pink. I know it s not masculine but the color pink and the pink ribbon is, I think, the most well known symbols at this time.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 56983
Yeah, i agree
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88110
Good point, Mike......I guess because it is just a lot more prevalent in women.  In saying that I have never heard of a women only chairty, and a lot of males where I live (Australia) participate in charity runs and events for breast cancer.....heck, they even don the pink for the cause

QUESTION ID: HS8GST1ICCFWCSW
QUESTION SUBJECT: if 2 cubes have 12 sides, how many sides do you have if you glue them together?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30548
Erm I know I am getting on a bit but when I went to school cubes only had foyr sides, when did this change ? ...  The Dodecahedron20 vertices with coordinates (0, ??phi, ??Phi),(??Phi, 0, ??phi),(??phi, ??Phi, 0), (??1, ??1, ??1), i.e.:(0, phi, Phi), (0, phi, -Phi), (0, -phi, Phi), (0, -phi, -Phi),(Phi, 0, phi), (Phi, 0, -phi), (-Phi, 0, phi), (-Phi, 0, -phi),(phi, Phi, 0), (phi, -Phi, 0), (-phi, Phi, 0), (-phi, -Phi, 0),(1, 1, 1), (1, 1, -1), (1, -1, 1), (1, -1, -1),(-1, 1, 1), (-1, 1, -1), (-1, -1, 1), (-1, -1, -1)30 sides of length 2 phi, mid point of edge to centre of solid = Phi, vertex to centre = sqrt3 = sqrt(phi2 + Phi2)12 pentagonal faces,surface area = 60 sqrt(phi/sqrt5) = sqrt(360(5-sqrt5)) = 15 sqrt(5 Phi + 10 ), volume = 8 + 4 Phi = 10 + 2sqrt5
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49837
6
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49838
Glue them together yourself and count them.  Then come back with the answer.

QUESTION ID: HSGHK842ZS3ZB7L
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did the earth arrive at a point in the universe ahead of the light images from the universe beginning?
QUESTION CONTENT: If we are able to look back at the early beginnings of the universe because of the distance and the speed of light, how did we arrive at this point? We must have traveled faster than the speed of light to get here.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 66507
(1) We can t look back at the universe beginning.  The light we see now -- the cosmic microwave background radiation, or CMBR -- came from a plasma cloud when the universe was 380,000 years old.  At that time, the cloud filled the whole universe, but it became transparent enough that most of the light did not hit any more plasma particles.(2)  Since then, the light has been traveling through the universe, without hitting anything (except for a few tiny things called stars, here and there -- but space is mostly empty) (and a even smaller thing called Earth ).(3)  The space between where the light started from, and us, has been expanding since the light started.  We haven t moved, and the point where the light started hasn t moved -- just the space between has grown.  This expansion has cooled down the light.  It started at about 273 degrees, and is now only a few degrees above absolute zero.(3 note)  WhenI say we haven t moved, I mean we haven t moved much, compared to the size of the universe.  We have moved *maybe* 25 or 30 million light years -- about 0.2% of the way across the visible universe -- since the CMBR started.(4) The expansion of space can be faster than light.  When the CMBR started its journey to us, it was only 13 million light years away from where we are now.  By the time the light got to us, it had traveled 13 billion light years -- because the space that it had to travel through was expanding at the same time that the light was traveling through it.(5)  For things that are about 14 or 15 billion light years away from us now, the light  from them will NEVER get to us.  The space that the light would have to travel through is expanding FASTER than light.  No material thing can travel faster than light --but space is not a material thing .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6399
You are making the error of imagining the Big Bang as being an explosion that happened somewhere, spewing galaxies in all directions. That is not, and never ever has been, a theory of cosmology.Observations show us that the universe is homogeneous and isotropic. There is no expanding bubble of galaxies and no void place into which they are streaming. Galaxies fill all of space everywhere. There is nowhere you can go to get away from all of the galaxies. All of space absolutely everywhere is uniformly filled with them.But the distances between them are increasing, so they must have been closer together in the past. They aren t really going anywhere, though; the space between them is expanding. Imagine each galaxy is a raisin inside a huge raisin bread rising in the oven. The raisins (galaxies) don t stream through the bread leaving tunnels behind. The bread between them (space) expands.If it s expanding today, the galaxies were closer together in the past--- but space was still filled with them everywhere. 13 billion years ago, it was very hot and dense indeed--- everywhere in the universe.So we didn t get here ahead of the light waves. We ve been here all the time. When we look many billions of light years away, we re seeing parts of the universe we ve never been to. But the universe was hot and dense absolutely everywhere 13.7 billion years ago. So anywhere you look that far away, in every direction, appears hot and dense.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28594
This is one of the more interesting questions I ve ever read here, and I am ashamed I can t figure out the answer.  There has to be one of course.  But Its too early in the morning for my brain to be working on all cylinders.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66508
Woah!  I need more coffee before I read questions like this.The time it took the Earth to form and arrive at this particular location in the Universe is the same time it took for everything else in the universe to arrive where it is.  The problem is, the objects we see today at the distant edge of observable existence have long ago gone somewhere else or have ceased to exist.  We are seeing them as they were  (and where they were) billions of years ago.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66509
Most of the Answers before me are interesting, but  to really answer your questions.Try reading about Olbers paradox. One more thing Big Bang is not a theory anymore eventhough certain  people do not want to believe it.

QUESTION ID: HSJGZHCBE7IFHCE
QUESTION SUBJECT: How Can I Cheer Up My Mom, Who Has Breast Cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: My mom was recently diagnosed with breast cancer. She has already had a lumpectomy, but now she faces a mastectomy, as well as 8 chemo sessions. She s feeling sad, and I want to know how I can help. I already help around the house, and we have a very strong love between us. Is there anything else I can do? I ve tried to relay that I understand what she s feeling (I ve had recent health problems myself), but I also understand that that rarely helps.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14261
what you just said in your questionsounds already great to me.  sometimes its hard knowing what to say.  just being there, loving her and helping around the house is great.  sounds like you are already helping her.  keep up the great work.  what your mom is going thru is hard and she needs to be sad  sometimes.  just take care of each other.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40934
Try your best to comfort your mother. Let her know that your there for her and try not to argue with her at times. It can cause her to stress out. Spend alot of time with her and that will make herhappy :)hope i have helped!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86115
Lol, I start to laugh because my teacher just told us about how she got breast cancer. She told her story of how she went to the doctor and got the bad news. She said she waited 2 days before telling anyone. I had to think about how I was going to tell everyone and I had to compose myself so that I won t look a wreck, She said. I started thinking of all the positive things about having breast cancer. Doing the most teacher-like thing, I started a list of the positives of breast cancer. 1) No more bras and underwire 2) I ll have to go get chemo but then my hair will probably fall out and I WONT have to worry about fixing my hair everyday. 3) Everybody will feel sorry for me so i ll get it easy around the house (maybe I can get the kids to clean their rooms now, and even get my husband to take me to a restaurant) 4) I may be able to get breast reconstruction and get the breasts I ve always wanted ( I can blame the breast cancer, and say its my reason for getting it) 5) Chemo? Doesn t that make you loose weight? Great now i ll lose those thunder thighs I have and my kangaroo pouch. She probably had more on her list but she said after she finished it she was actually somewhat looking forward to it and at least accepted it and was ok with it. She said on the 3rd day she told her people, her husband was shocked, horrified, scared, everything you would expect.............he couldn t believe she was sooo happy! Well, she is sooo fine now and you wouldn t beleive she ever had it. She has beautiful brown hair, unfortunately she gained all the weight back and a few more (I wouldn t say it to her face lol) but she is great! Well at least to me she looks healthier then before. I hope this helped. For whatever reason, God decides to give us challenges in life and you don t have to meet that challenge 100% you just have to put up a fight. You have to keep going and with people like you with her fighting all the way ....I m sure she ll do just fine. Good luck to you and your family.

QUESTION ID: HTB8M0AFQY58N3G
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is heart valve dysfunction measured?
QUESTION CONTENT: When i went to the cardiologist a few months ago, i remember him saying that my pulmonary and tricuspid valve were leaky, and i think he said they were a 1 on a scale of 1 to 4 which is minor and of no concern. but i have valve problems in my family and i got thining about it. anybody know what this scale is called/have more info or was it something he just made up to tell me that it was minor?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 82941
Initial auscultation of your heart sounds can determine the presence of murmurs which are indications that valves are not closing properly (leaking) and allowing the heart chambers to fill and empty properly. Usually once murmurs are detected, an echocardiogram is done to visualize the valve function. From this test gradients can be determined to assess individual valve functions. The higher the gradient (it s a calculation based on blood flow and pressure across the valve leaflets) the worse the valve function. Mild gradients are not considered serious and are usually just monitored with your regular checkups to see if they are worsening. Serious gradients indicate poor valve function and are usually corrected with either valvuloplasty or valve replacement . Serious valve impairment also has associated heart symptoms such as congestive heart failure, left ventricular hypertrophy, arrythmias, and poor ejection fractions-to name a few. Regular follow-up is suggested with your cardiologist to monitor any potential deterioration in your valve functions. Meds are often used to treat the symptoms of poor valve function not to cure your valves.  Once damaged, heart valves do not repair themselves. The aim is to reduce the workload put on the valves and prevent their function from declining further.  Hope this helps.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82942
I have a leaky mitral valve.  Yes, the degree of regurgitation is usually assessed by echocardiogram and is graded on a level of 1 to 4 or + to ++++ with 1 being minor and 4 being quite severe.Generally, surgery isn t required  unless you are in the 3-4 range, but everyone is different.  In ten years, mine hasn t progressed any, so hopefully you will have the same luck.

QUESTION ID: HTCRHMSCQFA152P
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do so many people work so hard to buy things they don t need?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73127
things you don t need can signify many things. For my, I could buy a electric toothbrush which I don t really need, but I might be curious and want to buy it. Or work hard and buy a supercomputer which I don t really need. First, there is an animal desire to be satisfied, and I feel this is part of it. I desire something, and if I get it I feel better. According to your nature this is good, it takes not a lot of effort to submiting to your desires (after you ve got the money....). Then what do you really don t need? Of course I can live with bread and water but I might want more things. I think this depends on where you live. I you live in the mountains, you probably just need a knife and a bowl to take water from the river. If you live with the wolves, you probably just need your teeth, if you live in our society, probably you behave as the rest. Lastly there is a chain everybody follows, like religion, due to customs. go to highschool, then collegee, then get work, then get married. Thus people find themselves working monday through friday, and then use up this money to get things, whcih sometimes they don t need. Also it is inmediate satisfaction, and we need to realize satisfaction is not easyto get. If all people were geniuses and know how to live, then probably then wouldn t make as many mistakes, or buy things they don t need. In all society, there are different types of peoples. The popular masses. The elite. Probably the smarter people know what they want and how to live. Probably stupidier people don t know. Why do birds crash against windows? They don t know better. Same with people.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21782
I believe this is due to several reasons.  This is speaking from an American perspective.(1) The marketing industry does a fabulous job of convincing people they want something even if they didn t know they did.(2) Americans do not tend to connect buying with earning.  As far as myself, I don t look at a price tag and think this will cost me 3 hours of work. If I thought of it that way, I probably wouldn t buy it!(3) Peer pressure.   They work hard because they are supposed to.  They buy things to keep up with the Jones .It often takes a major event such as being unemployed to make people stop and realize what they are buying and truly change their habits to analyze the need for something before buying it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21783
There are some things missing in their life. A void in their heart.They think, inconsciently, that by buying the newest product that their need will be filled and will be happy.This happiness is however very temporary and right away another need is developped.

QUESTION ID: HUHT8KBR8QONCYS
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to increase my height?
QUESTION CONTENT: i would like to increase my height about 2 inches suggest some medicine or excersise my age is 21
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24936
Take Human Growth Hormon pills but only under phisycian s supervision.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24937
Sorry, you can t.Human growth hormone will increase the height of someone who has not stopped growing.  At your age, the cartlidge on the ends of your bones has calcified, and further growth is impossible.  Taking HGH will just screw you up.You can train with weights to maintain an erect posture, and therefore, be as tall as your frame allows.  Exercise 20 minutes, three times a week, doing 8 to 10 exercises that work all your body--legs, arms, abdomen, shoulders.  Gradually build to working with weights equal to 1/4 of your body weight.You can appear taller by emphasizing the vertical with your clothing.  Wear the same color pants and shirt so you don t cut yourself in half color-wise.  Wear vertical patterns, like vertical stripes.  Don t wear anything wide--for example, wear a suit with narrow lapels and wear a narrow tie.  Wear a hairstyle that is a little fluffed on top.  (The rules are the same for looking taller and looking slimmer.  The idea is to change the apparent height to width ratio.)You can put a lift in your shoes or wear elevator shoes. A lift is a wedge that you put inside your shoe in the heel.  Elevator shoes have wedges built into the heel in a way that is not obvious.  This is deceptive, but is it more deceptive than women wearing makeup?

QUESTION ID: HUMK15I5PXEO6W4
QUESTION SUBJECT: diet Q. How do I determine how much is an ounce, 2, 3, etc.... I m talking about proportions?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7286
Handful = 1-2 oz.Example:1 oz. nuts = 1 handful or 2 oz. pretzels = 2 handfulsFist = 1cupExample: Two servings of pasta or oatmealPalm = 3 oz. Example: a cooked serving of meat.(NOT including your fingers or thumb)Thumb = 1 oz.Example: piece of cheese1 fruit serving= ?? cup canned or 1 medium fruit(about the size of a tennis ball)1 meat, poultry or fish serving= 3 oz(about the size of a deck of cards)1 grain= 1 slice bread, presliced(about the size of a cassette tape) or1/2 cup pasta(about the size of an adult woman s palm, stacked 1 high)1 dairy serving=8 ounces(the size of a container of individual yogurt)1 vegetable serving = 1/2 cup cooked or canned vegetables (about ?? a baseball)1 fat serving= 1 teaspoon(about the size of 4 stacked dimes)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59944
you best bet to get an accurate measure is to purchase a food scale.

QUESTION ID: HUZNMONZQG8F0TL
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do we feel time?
QUESTION CONTENT: Is there is some biological clock inside our mind that help us to understand 2 to different time?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 23276
We don t really feel time, although as an organism, we are designed to be stimulated by light (light-sensitive) as well as to darkness...Time, as we measure it, is simply the motion of molecules through space. In fact Einstein s theory of relativity proved that time is nothing but a property of matter... A 19th Century author put it nicely...The time, 8:17am, took on new meaning for humanity, when it referred to the schedule that a train was supposed to arrive on the tracks...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74580
A tiny sliver of brain tissue, less than the size of a pinhead, regulates the timing of our bodies. Within this sliver lies a biological clock that keeps track of the time of day, and seasons of the year, and marches our bodies and brains in step. The small cluster of nerve cells that forms the biological clock is called the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN). Its name derives from the location of the SCN, just above where the broad optic nerve trunks cross over each other (a site known as the optic chiasm ) on their way back from the eyes to the visual center of the brain. The SCN also receives information about light and dark from the eyes, but it has its own dedicated pathway of nerves, the retino-hypothalamic tract (RHT), which is separate from the main nerve bundles carrying visual information to the brain. We know that the SCN is a biological clock because when it is destroyed in an experimental animal by surgical pinpoint lesions of the brain, rhythms in sleep and wake, and many other rhythms, fade away. Interestingly, the animal, minus its SCN, runs, eats and drinks the same total amount each 24 hours, but these activities are now randomly distributed throughout the day and night. Human biological clocks follow a pattern of about 25 hours. Hence, if someone lives in a cave or an apartment without windows (as people have done), their circadian patterns of sleep and wakefulness shift westward ; by about one hour a day. However, in the regular world, sunlight and darkness serve to reset - the biological clock every day and keep us on a 24-hour cycle.

QUESTION ID: HV8P81DOWVXEOL3
QUESTION SUBJECT: does anyone know how to cure non hodgkins lymphoma leukemia?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 46600
Hi WHeatenIll make this point quick. Search for answers by looking outside of the medical field. They re are hundreds of methods to heal the body of any issue and drugs only surpress the issue (not heal it). Most disease issues are internal because the blood has toxins. The system needs to be cleansed (colon and liver especially).Cleansing the body is a method Ive seen done many times with success and it doesn t matter how old you are. Must remove the toxins in the blood. One strategy is detoxifying with herbs, water, and juice fasting. One must educate himself on the subjects Ive mentioned and there are plenty of good cleansing techniques out there. Here are a few websites and their programs I recommend. herbdoc.comnaturalcures.com???Benjamin Franklin - The best of all medicines are rest and fastingYou must rid of the toxins in the body! Take control of your health and you ll have control on your destiny. I could go on and on here, but educating yourself on self-healing is a freedom I cant explain.Best of health to you
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46601
There are many types of non-Hodgkins lymphoma. Some can be cured, some can be slowed way down, some can not be changed at all.Standard therapies would include surgery (if possible), chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and quite possibly a mono-clonal antibody medicine such as Rituxim or Bexxar (a smart chemotherapy medicine that only affects lymph tissue).  Stem cell or bone marrow replacement is also used.There are many alternative cancer treatments.  The most well known are severe diet restriction therapies such as juicing with fruit and veggie juice only for a prescribed time.  There are many offshore clinics but be careful many are ripoffs.The most well known and respected is the IAT clinic in Freeport, Grand Bahamas - I would recommend it to anyone with cancer after completing your regular treatment. My father was a patient there (cured of colon cancer) and I am still (6 years and doing fine).Also I use Essiac tea, calendula flowers and european mistletoe as a tea and drink it every day.  It has made a huge difference in several of my patients.Buy the ingredients at www.olivesoils.com - a great company with excellent prices and products.  Best luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87692
Here s the best info online:http://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/hm_llsBest wishes

QUESTION ID: HVAJKE4KCF1PCGK
QUESTION SUBJECT: Can anyone tell me why i feel dizzy, lightheaded, shortness of breath with a flutter feeling?
QUESTION CONTENT: also sweating out of no where, the forgetfullness like i blank out when ive done something just 5 minutes before and forget what i was doing sometimes when i feel the palpitations and fluttering more i feel like im going to throw up or something. also why is my doctor wanting me to take a stress test. Is fluttering and palpitations the same thing because my doctor kept using both of them words in my visit with him yesterday. i never went to him for my heart, i went for something else, but after listening to my heart the whole visit turned into nothing but about my heart. He already knew about my family history of heart disease.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9470
Your symptoms could point to a number of problems including an irregular heart beat, too fast of a heart beat or even an over active thyroid.  I suggest getting that stress test which will help the doctor decide on a diagnosis and how to fix the problem.  Good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45684
Read for yourself from the American Heart Association: Heart Attack Warning SignsSome heart attacks are sudden and intense ??? the movie heart attack, where no one doubts what s happening. But most heart attacks start slowly, with mild pain or discomfort. Often people affected aren t sure what s wrong and wait too long before getting help. Here are signs that can mean a heart attack is happening:Chest discomfort. Most heart attacks involve discomfort in the center of the chest that lasts more than a few minutes, or that goes away and comes back. It can feel like uncomfortable pressure, squeezing,fullness or pain.   Discomfort in other areas of the upper body. Symptoms can include pain or discomfort in one or both arms, the back, neck, jaw or stomach.    Shortness of breath with or without chest discomfort.   Other signs may include breaking out in a cold sweat, nausea or lightheadedness        As with men, women s most common heart attack symptom is chest pain or discomfort. But women are somewhat more likely than men to experience some of the other common symptoms, particularly shortness of breath, nausea/vomiting, and back or jaw pain.Learn the signs, but remember this: Even if you re not sure it s a heart attack, have it checked out. Minutes matter! Fast action can save lives ??? maybe your own. Don???t wait more than five minutes to call 9-1-1.Calling 9-1-1 is almost always the fastest way to get lifesaving treatment. Emergency medical services staff can begin treatment when they arrive ??? up to an hour sooner than if someone gets to the hospital by car. The staff are also trained to revive someone whose heart has stopped. Patients with chest pain who arrive by ambulance usually receive faster treatment at the hospital, too.If you can t access the emergency medical services (EMS), have someone drive you to the hospital right away. If you re the one having symptoms, don t drive yourself, unless you have absolutely no other option.

QUESTION ID: HWCKE50M07JRELP
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do drugs realate to biology?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 20914
The same way that anything that interacts with organisms does.The production of a drug may well not be biology (it might be chemistry, for example) - but its mode of action *is* (pretty much by definition).Biology is the study of life, so understanding what a particular drug does to an organism is also biology.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4066
there is a specific class of drugs called biologics .These drugs are made up of tissue, cell, or even enzymes or other chemicals of a cell.  Their is also genetic disease drugs that target DNA, RNA or even the enzymes that synthesize or lyse DNA... The work being done on these drugs is directly related to biology, specifically the field of biochemistry.   Biological molecules like proteins, enzymes and even that little double helical molecule we all love so much  are studied by drug researchers to find cures for some of the worse ailments that have ever plagued mankind.The future of drugs, pharmaceutical companies/biotech companies, andmedicine in general is heading in this direction.  These biologics and biological drugs offer succint cures with little to no side effects and they can specifically target a disease or problem with the human body, even target a single cell or single piece of DNA... The work here is endless and we have only begun to study/understand the way biochemistry and immunological science works.

QUESTION ID: HY3DLLKXN077H5V
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you convert to base 10?
QUESTION CONTENT: for example:CONVERT TO BASE 1010100 (it has a little two next to  the right bottom) How the hell do you do that?Okay, Im 12 so could you give me a little more simpler answer. The other answers are great, I just, don t quite understand themHow are ya ll getting the 16?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 63233
I presume what you have is a binary number (base 2)10100You want to convert it to  a decimal number (base 10) such as 10,50 66 etc.This is how you do it. From right to left:0x2^0 + 0x 2^1 + 1 x 2^2 + 0 x 2^3 + 1 x 2^42^0=1so we have 0 +0 +4+0+16=20 (converted to base 10)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4605
just like the decimal number (base 10) 123 is1* 10^2 + 2*10^1 + 3*10^0  or100+20+3binary numbers (base 2) can be converted1*2^4 + 0*2^3 + 1*2^2 + 0*2^1 + 0*2^016+0+4+0+020EDIT: Not sure if it s more simple or not but, but may be easier to followWrite out your binary number1 0 1 0 0 Starting with the right most digit write out the power of 2s (starting with 2^0).  one under each digit..1 0 1 0 0 16 8 4 2 1Now multiply each column (16x1, 0x0, 1x4, 0x0, 0x0) and form a third row..1 0 1 0 016 0 4 0 0----------------16 0 4 0 0 Now add the third row16+0+4+0+020
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4606
The number is written in binary.The digit at the far left is the number of 2^0 s =1 (there are none)The next to last is the number of 2^1 s =2 (there are none)The number before this is the number of 2^2 s = 4 (there is one)Before this is the number of 2^3 s = 8 (there are none)The first number here is the number of 2^4 s = 16 (there is one)Since there is one 4 and one 16 the number on base 10 is 4 + 16 = 20
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4607
10100 means 2^4+ 2^2 = 2010100 binary = 24 octal = 8*2+4 = 20 000 = 0 001 = 1010 = 2011 = 3100 = 4etcThus you can se 10 = 2 and 100 = 4 so 10100binary = 24 octal. To convert octal to decimal simply multiply 8*2 and add 4 getting 20 decimal345 octal  would be (8*3 +4)8 + 5 = 229
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63234
10100  base 2=    ?  base 102^2=42^4=1610100= 20
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63235
The Little 2 next to the right bottom implies that the base is 2.When the base is  2 , we represent using two numbers only 0 and 1. To convert to base 10 ,we multiply each of the digit starting from the right with powers of 2 (from 2^0) .as shown below and then finally add all the values you got. This is conversion from base 2 to base 10.10100 base 2 1 X 2^4   =  160 X 2^3   =     01 X 2^2   =     40 X 2^1   =     00 X 2^0   =     0                   ------                    20therefore 10100 base 2 = 20 base 10Hope this clears your doubts~~~

QUESTION ID: HZO48M8GQ06K24P
QUESTION SUBJECT: I truly believe that we have cured cancer what the hell is the deal! We have the cure why can we use it?
QUESTION CONTENT: We spend mass dollars on treatments that treat. People survive cancer thet dont get cured. Why wont they release the information i have read about it in canada they cured cancer at the microbal level in a lab. We have some evidince that cayenne peppers shrink tumors because of the chemical compounds they contain. Even tough some research is going on it just gets called promising new findings. Its like when billions of dollars is at stake no amount of human life matters unless its an epidimec or an outbrak that can spread quickly.It s a shame cancer is a slow disease the needs treatment.This treatment makes medical companys billions why the hell would they change to a drug that could kill the tumor and cure cancer when they have chemo?I have researched cancer my mom has it i know lung cancer is different than breast cancer. We have specific drugs that treat each different cancer. MY mom has breast cancer and take tamaxofin it blocks estrogen yet the real cause of the cancer is not estrogen its cancer. The cancer uses estrogen estrogen does not cause the cancer. So blocking estrogen slows sown/treats the cancer it does not shrink or kill the cancer that uses estrogen to travel and spread within the body!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48255
chemo is a treatment not a cure. what sucks is that cancer medications are either in it for the profit or to fight cancer...nano-bots will cost millions but think about it, soo many scientists world-wide are working on it...if someone found a cure-all there would be no way to cover it up...unless there s a cover up...but cancer itself is actually 180 different diseases...with a wide range of symptoms
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48256
I understand your anger, but it is not justified. You are confusing money with cure . . you are saying that we have spent so much money on finding a cure and we havn t gotten a total cure for over 200 cancer disease yet. It s really not about the money . . that is the public thinking that everything revolves around money. If you step back for a few seconds and think about it . . the overwhelming amount of money for research into cancer goes to four common cancers (breast, lung, colon, leukemia)  . . that leaves about 196 cancers underfunded and underresearched. Cancer is actually underfunded . . the amount of money raised by charitable organizations needs to raised EVERY year in order to meet the research demands of 200 different types of cancer. The majority of that raised money is hardly enough to fund breast cancer research and that is the one with the most progress. The government funds the majority of cancer research and that funding has been cut on a yearly basis. There is not enough money available for cancer research . . safe cancer research that is. People also forget that a cure is not going to be found in a laboratory petri dish treating mice . . it will be found using real live human subjects. Every drug that we have now was tested on humans . . through trial anderror because no one knows if it will work or not unless it is tried. Testing and research for hundreds of drugs and effective treatments for 196 different types of cancer. Just who do you think must test all these drugs? Would you let your mother be experimented on to see if the drugs worked or not? That s the hold up . . human subjects to test all the drugs. And, what if the drug that was once promising on lab rats . . fails in humans . . you must start all over again, in the meantime the cancer is progressing. Finding a cure has little to do with money . . it has more to do with logistics and finding people willing to sacrifice their lives in order to find effective treatment for all people with that one cancer. Clinical Trials are very specific and must follow strict protocol in order to protect the safety and dignity of the patient.People who rant about the drug companies do not generally have cancer or have an understanding of this monster. Drugs cost money . . for research . . and research involves the real lives of extremely sick people . . do we hurry them along using trial and error . . or do we proceed with caution in the hopes of discovering exactly what the drug will do to the human body and the cancer . . these powerful untested drugs have the potential to kill these ill people during the testing process . . but they also offer the promise of slowing the progression of disease, remission, and cure. One such trial occured just a few years ago when patients with Chronic Myeloid Leukemia were placed on a Clincial Trial for imatinib mesilate. The response was dramatic for most of these patients. The same drug also proved effective treating a rare cancer called Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor . . again dramatic results. You can look all these facts up about this drug on PubMed.  Imatinib is the first of a whole new line of treatment for many different types of cancers. It is a  tyrosine kinase inhibitor that works by blocking an abnormal enzyme found on these specific types of tumor cells. It does not work for everyone and thus a whole new wave of drugs using the same principle is being examined for all types of cancers. Where this might be of benefit to your mother is the fact that research is leaning more and more towards controlling cancer and finding a way to block the development of the tumors in the first place. They are looking for a treatment that will stop the progression of disease and prevent the growing of new metastasis. Treatment would be medication taken daily, much the same way that diabetics use insulin to control their disease. My son is currently on such a treatment and doing well. There are no side effects associated with the experimental drug he is on. We understand there is no guarantee, but so far, so good.Remember there is no cure for many other diseases besides cancer. And, despite thousands of years there is still no cure for the common cold.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48257
It is hard to determine if the treatment is a cure or not bc the cancer can lay dormant for yearsundetected and relapse at any time.  Stem cell transplants are a possible cure for leukemias and lymphomas.  And the treatment is being used - I just got done with my transplant and am currently cancer free .Plus what happens in a lab on the rats or even on human cells does not mean it will work once tested on humans.

QUESTION ID: I0ACCUDAD6DA0M1
QUESTION SUBJECT: Explain why some bioligists say that fitness is measured in grandchildren. ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 20916
I m going to disagree with the pack here:In biology, we define a species as an organisms capable of breeding and producing FERTILE offspring.This is because some closely related species, horses and donkeys, for one, can produce STERILE hybrid offspring.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4105
Just as a general principle, fertility is the ability to produce offspring, but fitness is the ability to produce grandchildren.Why?  Because if you produce 10 children, but they are all sickly and don t survive long enough to produce children of your own, your genes will not propagate as well as another person who produces only 5 children ... but they all go on to produce grandchildren.The key point is that fitness is entirely about your ability to pass on genes to future generations ... not just survival, and not just in the ability to make babies ... the babies *also* need to be survivors and to inherit your fitness .As I understand it, this is part of the driving forces behind kin selection , which is an explanation of such things as altruism, and an integral part of human evolution in particular.Specifically, every parent (or male-female pair) has an obvious interest in ensuring the survival of immediate offspring.However, the number of *grandchildren* produced is also a product of how *siblings* cooperate.  That an individual will take care of *sibling s* offspring, and not just their own, is NOT as obvious.For example, forget pairing for the moment (just to simplify things):Say person A has 6 children, but person B has only 4 children.  So it would seem that person A is more fit than person B.But if the 6 children of A each have 2 or 3 children, and do not cooperate with each other in the care of each others children ... the result may be that more of these grandchildren will die, producing fewer grandchildren (say 8 grandchildren).If the 4 children of person B have each have 2 or 3 children, but they cooperate much better in the rearing of all the grandchildren, so that most of the grandchildren will survive, then this will result in 9 to 12 grandchildren.So in the long run, person B is more fit than A ... even though B had fewer children ... he had more grandchildren ... and whatever trend caused that (some altruistic gene that leads to cooperation among siblings) ... will continue to outproduce the descendants of A in subsequent generations.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4106
Biologically speaking, fitness encapsulates a different concept than what people generally think of.For example, an average person might say fitness is how physically defined you are.An evolutionary biologist would define fitness as how effective an organism is at surviving to reproduce. Therefore, the more offspring an organism has, the higher its fitness. Fitness is measured in grandchildren simply branches off of that: an organism with high fitness has many offspring, which in turn survive and produce many more offspring. Thus, you can conclude that fitness is measured in grandchildren because the more grandchildren an organism has, the higher its fitness.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18015
It means that if you ve reproduced and your children are healthy enough to have children of their own, you ve done a good job of perpetuating your genes.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62430
The fitness the biologists are talking about is actually biological fitness (not the size of your waistline).  The only reason an organism is born is to reproduce and pass its genes on to the next generation.  The more biologically fit an organism is, the more offspring it will have.  If it has passed on truly fit genes (because only 50% of its genes are passed on to any given offspring), those offspring (generation 1) will be biologically fit as well and will pass on the genes to their offspring (generation 2).  It s exponential growth, and that is why biologists look at the grandchild generation to judge biological fitness.  That being said, humans DON T breed based upon biological fitness and the gradchild generation is not a statistically accurate way to judge the fitness of Homo sapiens.

QUESTION ID: I10TF1J4ZDJG8MG
QUESTION SUBJECT: I really feel like acting/singing is something I want to do. How is it possible to get started?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am active in the theatre department at my high school. Also, i spend alot of my time with choir. I feel like I am really good at both of these things. I have made many honor choirs in choir and I have been in several school productions.How on earth do I get on Disney Channel, etc.?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69873
At this point, your odds of getting onto any professional acting job are nearly nil, no matter how talented you are.  Here s why; even if you got to an audition, you d be competing with maybe 100 other girls--some of whom are your age and have been doing professional work since age 5, others who are 21 but who look and can act your age.  Directors are ALWAYS going to want experience or they ll hire the adult to avoid all those child labor laws.Realistically, what you want is a solid long-range plan to get into acting.  Here s what to do:1.  Keep doing high school shows, get instruction in acting, dance, voice, and take a solid college-prep course schedule (four years English, four math, chem, physics, biology, psych, history--you ll be surprised how much of those subjects apply to theatrical arts!).  And earn a smashing good GPA.2.  Get into other amateur shows in your area.  Look for community theatre companies (ask at your local newspaper or library if you don t know who they are) and also college theatre departments--call and ask if they have a role in an upcoming play that you might play.  If you don t land a role, see if you can volunteer backstage or even as an usher.As you do these shows, you earn experience, but you also meet people who are knowledgeable about acting.  Keep in touch with them!3.  Junior year of HS: work with your HS counselor and any knowledgeable theatre people you know to identify four or five college theatre programs that you d want to attend.  You re looking for Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) programs in theatrical performance--NOT just a bachelor of arts (BA) program, the BFA is much more rigorous and professionally-oriented.  You should end up with 1 or 2 top programs that you stand a slim chance of getting into, 1 or 2 that are choosy and will probably accept you, and 1 that accepts everybody (that s your safety net ).4.  Senior year: EARLY, apply to those colleges.  You do it early in your senior year because (a) some financial aid has early deadlines (b) after you get admitted to the college, you re still not into the BFA program in theatre--you have to get accepted into it separately.Your odds of getting into a good BFA program will depend on:--your resume (that s the list of shows you ve done, including backstage work)--your GPA/test scores and high school program--recommendations (best ones come from people you ve done shows with--especially college directors!)--audition (you ll need to travel to the college at your own expense to show them you ve got the goods).The BFA program should polish your talents and give you a complete grounding in the details of show biz; then you ll be ready to begin that hard slog toward a professional career.Yes, a few people make it to show biz by other routes, but this is the one taken by the great majority of working actors nowadays.One last point-- do NOT hire an agent now.  Any agent who would accept an amateur teen actress with no experience as a client is 99.999% likely to be a rip-off; don t waste your time and money.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7782
Well you need a few things. Go to this link. Its an acting page. I feel the same thing. Its really good because it show auditions for you. It doesn t really link to Disney because you will need an agent for that. Go to this link and sign up.http://www.actorspages.orgEasy sign up and look at the casting notices. You need to take lessons and join some clubs. Easy and some clubs are even free. Write down a resume . That is a list of Experience you have. Example;Took 1 Speech ClassTook 2 Acting ClassesTook 2 Dancing ClassesStarred in two productions as Leading RolePast all Exams in actingTop of the Class in my acting classSo write it down. And all your contact details, contact.Get some profesional photos. If you can do that, look your best get in your best clothes and get Friends or Family to take it.So maybe do some research on the internet for contract or Local auditions. So big time directors will organize for light arrangements,  accommodation, Food, so on so on. If you can afford it its best to get a agent. He will organize a acting contract. So yeah, If its fun its not work.Break a leg!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57542
If you re under 18 you have to have a full time parent with transporation.  You might be able to get an exemption if you re 17.You need a head shot and resume.You have to be able to travel to Los Angeles on your own nickel and audition and do call backs as required.If you get an acting job and it s union you have to have $2,500 in one payment to buy your union card.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59102
Get an agent.

QUESTION ID: I25T1J8NCS2DZEA
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I know the relation The Chronicles of Narnia and The Lord of the Rings ?
QUESTION CONTENT: How do I know the relation The Chronicles of Narnia and The Lord of the Rings ?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88257
Lewis and Tolkien were friends and contemporaries but the stories are different and separate.Both were devout Christians and both stories have a distinct leaning toward Christian principles if you look at what they considered good and evil. Both are epics that bring in new characters as you go, both are about a journey and battle...and both have a lot of different beings and mythical creatures.As for the differences, when Tolkien was asked about what his story meant, he refused to answer. He left that entirely to the reader instead of verifying that there was any symbolic commentary on Christianity, OR war OR any aspect of  social/political climate of the time...in fact, he vehemently denied that his work was really about anything other than just being the story he gave us. However, Tolkien did realize that people would make these applications and was OK with it.Tolkien was a language professor, I think at Oxford University. As such, he loved words and how they came to be and LOTR was created only after the Silmarillion and other works that laid the foundation for what Middle Earth was all about, who the people were, what they were like, he gave them maps and languages and histories and religions, etc. The reason perhaps that LOTR stands out as his most popular piece is because it is prefaced by an alluring story (The Hobbit) and you want to know more about the Ring...as well as being about how Middle Earth came into the Age of Men, and what we did to earn that responsibility, given the type of people we can be. LOTR didn t initially paint mankind with a very happy brush, you know. We were seen as greedy and addicted to power and there was a great deal of question on Middle Earth, especially among the elves, whether men would be able to handle things after the elves passed through. I don t know if Tolkien meant it this way, but many readers find themselves pondering the question as Aragorn took the throne at the end of LOTR, hope notwithstanding, What are you going to do with your responsibility as a human being? But enough on that. Tolkien s work, then is a HUGE rich tapestry that brought an entire place to life with such detail it s hard to remember that it is all fiction. Parts of Tolkien s work reads like scripture, and he writes with a historical authority that makes you believe Middle Earth was real.CS Lewis on the other hand and the Narnia books, is known as a Christian author and Christian literature. CS Lewis discussed his work and did not deny that the message of Narnia was distinctly Christian allegory with direct symbolism between the two. Aslan=God, Stone Table=cross, White Witch=Satan. Further, there were distinct ideas that were on purpose : forgiveness, sin, resurrection, grace, faith, innocence of children.Narnia fits into Lewis body of work, most of which was Christian philosophy. He applied a lot of logic to Christian ideals and explained his faith this way, it is very highbrow thinking.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21693
They are separate story lines. Lord of the Rings is by J.R.R. Tolkien. The Chronicles of Narnia is by C.S. Lewis.However, the two authors were good friends, and were both members of a group called the Inklings , where they regularlly discussed each other s work.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21694
musicimprovedme, THAT WAS A GREAT ANSWER!!! Another interesting fact is that Lewis created a place called Ettinsmoor and Tolkien created a place called Ettenmoors. I find that Really awesome how they changed the spelling and stuff.

QUESTION ID: I2G4FX1OYODCW62
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does my mom s death seem like a bad dream?
QUESTION CONTENT: She died over a week ago and it s still sinking in, but I feel like someone s going to pinch me and I ll wake up.I live about 300 miles away from my dad and sisters and I call them almost everyday, a few times a day and I get the feeling that I call them too much.  My husband seems to be tired of me talking about my mom already.  I know that I must move on with life and that s what she would ve wanted, but it all happened to quickly to me.I checked the net to see if there maybe a bereavement support group in my area and I haven t had any luck.  Do you know where else I may able to find one?I ve always heard that the death of a parent is rough, but nothing could ve prepared me for this.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84323
denial is one of the stages of grief. it is normal. it has only been a week! you should be calling as much as you want, im sure your dad and sisters are having similar feelings. meybe you could go spend some time at home with your family and all of you could talk about her and tell stories. maybe make a memorial or some sort of tribute so that you can really acknowledge her. if she had a favorite place ( like a particular park or beach or a lake) you could go there either as a family or alone. it sounds weird but talk to your mom (or write) it might make you feel better and she can hear you. i am really sorry for your loss.i just have to add that if your husband has already lost support of you in the time when you need him most then there is something seriously wrong with him... take all the time you need. if you move on too fast it the grief will just come up in the future
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84324
Yes. It is a pitiable condition.  I quite understand your mental stage and sorrow due to demise of your mother. What to do. All of us who have come to this world have to go back (I do not know where) one day or other. The end is most expected and we have to bear the loss. The agony, sorrow and loneliness felt by the near and that too dear one is something can not be explained. But the truth remains one day you have to bear this loss. Now it had come to you.Now it is high time you should divert your attention and mind in other directions and try to relax. It is impossible to forget the departure but you can involve yourself in other activities and divert your attention to some other serious things in life/future. This will bring you some relief and the time will cure you.I would suggest you to practice meditation very often now and this will help you to over come the troublesome situation. There are very good books available about meditation and you can buy one and practice. Best of luck.

QUESTION ID: I2X3JMVUI4BQFSJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How fast is the speed of light?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74261
The exact speed of light is 299,792,458 m/sTo be precise, what we usually call the speed of light is really the speed of light in a vacuum (the absence of matter). In reality, the speed of light depends on the material that light moves through. Thus, for example, light moves slower in glass than in air, and in both cases the speed is less than in a vacuum. However, the density of matter between the stars is sufficiently low that the actual speed of light through most of interstellar space is essentially the speed it would have through a vacuum, so we don t make much error by ignoring the difference.To make it easier for you to convert, here is the speed in alternative units :(1) 983,571,056.4304461 foot/second(2) 11,802,852,677.165352 inch/second(3) 1,079,252,848.8 kilometer/hour(4) 299,792.458 kilometer/second(5) 582,749,918.3585312 knot(6) 880,991.0899527 mach(7) 670,616,629.3843952 mile/hour (mph)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22987
really fast!!lol
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22988
Light travels at a constant speed of 186,000miles/hour. To give you an idea of how fast that is. A traveler moving in a speed of light would circumnavigate   (to go around)the equator approximately 7.5 times in one second.  There is your answer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22989
Before the 17th century, scientists believed that there was no such thing as the speed of light . They thought that light could travel any distance in no time at all. Later, several attempts were made to measure this speed: 1667 Galileo estimated the speed of light to be at least 10 times faster than sound. 1675 Ole Roemer measured the speed of light at 200,000 Km/sec. 1728 James Bradley measured the speed of light at 301,000 Km/s. 1849 Hippolyte Louis Fizeau measured the speed of light at 313,300 Km/s. 1926 Leon Foucault measured the speed of light at 299,796 Km/sec. Today:  According to the US National Bureau of Standards, the speed of light is = 299792.4574 +/- 0.0011 km/s.  According to the British National Physical Laboratory, the speed of light = 299792.4590 +/- 0.0008 km/s; making an average with the US standard = 299792.458 km/s (187,370.286 mi/s) .But 1400 years ago, and without any scientific equipment at all, the speed of light was already known to be 299792.5 Km/s. It is stated in the Koran (Quran, the book of Islam) that light travels in one day the same distance that the moon travels in 1000 years. And since velocity = distance / time, a simple calculation reveals the speed of light in vacuum to be 299792.5 Km/s. This is mathematically verifiable in less than 10 minutes: Speed of Light
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22990
the speed of light = 299 792 458 m / s

QUESTION ID: I2XF0FUA3FAOLKK
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I lose weight?
QUESTION CONTENT: I need to lose weight for the next football season I m  5 8 and 185-190 lbs. Also how do I lose the fat in my belly? Also I weight lift 3 days a week and play other sports.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4234
For you to loss weight, you will need to find the root cause on your weight gain. Once you find out the root cause, you will be able to come out a weight loss plan with the right diet plan that able to help to reduce your weight.Only with a realistic weight loss diet plan, you will be able to achieve it easily.In order to have ideal weight. few things to take note.Diet- Try to have plenty of starchy foods such as rice, bread, pasta, potatoes,- Aim to have five portions of a variety of fruit and vegetables daily- Use a moderate amount of dairy prodPhysical ActivityGetting active is one of the best ways to lose weight and keep fit. There are all sorts of activities andsports that can get you moving and aid weight loss.Calories and WeightA pound of fat equals 3500 calories. To lose 1 pound a week you will need to expend 3500 more calories than you eat that week, whether through increased activity ordecreased eating or both. Losing 1-2 pounds of fat a week is a sensible goalThere are few simple diet plans which will suit you, like Cabbage Soup Diet and 5 Factor Diet, get how to do the diet plan from http://www.loseweight-zone.com
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4235
You need to write down what you eat usually everyday, and stop eating 500 calories worth of food. So if you take in 3000 calories regularly, take in only 2500. (RESIST EATING THOSE POPTARTS!!) If you do this continuously, you can lose a pound or two every week. Even though it doesnt seem like a lot, it will add up.If you want to lose more pounds, exercise. Play DDR, run, jog, play a sport in school. Anything to keep you moving for at least half an hour everyday.But the most important thing, is that you need a friend to help you. Find someone who wants to lose weight, too, and ask them to be your Weight Loss Program Buddy! Someone to be with along the way who will continuously encourage you and stop you from eating those fatty foods will keep you on the road to weight loss.Also, treat yourself once in a while for doing a job well done.Best of luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4236
You re probably eating too many carbohydrates, and probably bad carbs if you have a lot of fat around your middle. Eliminate all refined carbs - white bread, whitepasta, white rice... well you get the idea. Only eat wholegrains, and only small portions. I mean SMALL portions - think child sized... no actually think what would have been child sized 20 years ago. Eat lots and lots of VEGGIES, but not too many carrots, peas, potatoes and corn. Eat fruit, but in moderation - you should be eating more low-sugar veggies than fruit. Eliminate ALL junk food - anything fried, anything that has been pre-cooked and packaged, anything sweet etc. Only eat lean meats and low-fat dairy products (no full fat!). AND NO SUGAR!!! Don t worry, once you reach your goal weight, you can treat yourself now and then. You re already doing exercise so that s great. Eating healthy is the only way you re going to get there. Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4237
cut out the sodas, if you drink anyone soda a day can increase your chances of obesityI did that, and lost a lot of weight about 20 pounds a lot of it on my belly too, and when i started drinking em again, started putting it back on, so i cut em out again, i treat myself to one every now and thenalso, what how much bread you eat, that helped me too, i am an avid bread eater and i noticed when i stopped eating it as a snack, it was easier to lose weightand I started walking at night while talking to someone on my cell phone to keep me goingi think any of those things, best a combo, will work, I wish you the best of luck with your weight loss, if its you trying to loseIts hard, but it is doable
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4238
Well to answer your question it would take ime but here is a workout or thing that might help :1)Stop eating and excercise intensely. (time consumed: about a week, maybe)2) Dehydrate yourself. Do not drink any water, and you can lose up to 10 pounds (time consumed: a day or two)3) Get lipo-suction (time consumed: idk, i guess a few hours)4) Cut off a limb. (time consumed: instantaneous)More infomation the link:<--http://www.loseweighthappy.info/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=204&Itemid=62
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62628
dont take first food and chocolate.Continue exercise

QUESTION ID: I3K8RBZOER45TIZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why don t cancer doctors prescribe Bexxar and Zevalin?
QUESTION CONTENT: I just read an article about cancer drugs, proven successful as a one dose treatment of late-stage, non Hodgkins lymphona. The drugs are approved and cured them. Article states what my hubby and I have said for years. Basically, there s more money for the oncologists in the treatment than the cure. We need to take the profit out of healthcare in America! We are dying so that the doctors and insurers can get rich. Wake up America! High 5 Michael Moore and your movie Sicko .Oops forgot the link:http://www.nytimes.com/2007/07/14/health/14lymphoma.html
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 45079
Your assumption that there s more money for the oncologists in the treatment than the cure is faulty. Oncologists have more business right now than they know what to do with. What is really difficult is getting insurance companies to pay for the treatments prescribed while not making both the patients and Drs repeatedly jump over hoops to qualify for and obtain cutting edge treatment options. If these two drugs are not being prescribed enough then you have to look at the insurance companies that will not pay for very expensive new drugs until the (often HMO) patient has received and failed one or two older and cheaper drugs that treat the same disease and often happen to have lower cure rates. The same is true for many cancers. They do not do stem cell or bone marrow transplants on newly diagnosed lymphoma patients due to the high cost. A patient must fail one or several other treatment regimens before a BMT is considered. You have your facts wrong and your anger is directed in the wrong direction. Remember that as things stand now one person in six will receive no treatment options at all unless they happen to be on Medicaid and very knowledgeable as to how to work the system. I won t even get into the many arguments that surround the uninsured and whether they ever get the opportunity to try these very expensive treatments vs receiving palliative acceptable medical care instead of curative medicine.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16232
Bexxar has not proven itself the be a better medication than other available therapies. Don t get angry with your oncologist, he/she may have a good reason for not prescribing this drug. Maybe if you talk them about it they can explain why they don t prescribe Bexxar for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45080
If a drug is approved by the FDA all you need to do is ask the doctor for a perscription. If the drug is still in Clinical Trials, you need to contact the company for compassionate use . . or the research investigator to be included in the trial or see if you can have the drug off trial.FDA: Access to Unapproved Drugshttp://www.fda.gov/cder/cancer/access.htmI am not sure exactly what you mean about oncologists . . my son has been offered many off trial drugs . . which we have investigated for his particular type of cancer.  It s not even an issue. There is no cure for cancer and treatment is a constant juggling to try and fine the right combination that will work.Are you dealing with non-Hodgkins disease? Because you can get these drugs if that is what you need. You do know that many patients are now pro-active and can guide their own treatment. An oncologist can guide you and make recommendations, but the patient makes the final decisions.I think Michael Moore is a brilliant documentarian. I enjoy his work. There is much that needs to be fixed in the medical insurance industry and other areas of healthcare. But, until you have need of an oncologist and have seen them fight to keep your child alive . . have seen their compassion . . have consulted with them for their expertise and knowledge about treating tumors . . what do you really know.Incidentally the two drugs are still undergoing clincial trials to establish efficacy (dosage and whether different combinations are better than single agent):http://clinicaltrials.gov/ct/search;jsessionid=F4927355B39E8B9DDEC35EFCCC7EB841?term=Bexxar&submit=Searchhttp://clinicaltrials.gov/ct/search;jsessionid=F4927355B39E8B9DDEC35EFCCC7EB841?term=Zevalin&submit=Search
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45081
I looked up Bexxar, it has a whopping 4 black box warnings.  * Hypersensitivity reactions (including anaphylaxis) have been reported. Patients should be screened for human antimouse antibodies (HAMA); may be at increased risk of allergic or serious hypersensitivity reactions. Hematologic toxicity was reported to be the most common adverse effect with 27% patients requiring supportive care. * Severe or life-threatening cytopenias (NCI CTC grade 3 or 4) have been reported in a large number of patients; may be prolonged and severe. Secondary malignancies have been reported following use. * Treatment involves radioactive isotopes; appropriate precautions in handling and administration must be followed. Patients must be instructed in measures to minimize exposure of others.*Women of childbearing potential should be advised of potential fetal risk.And you wonder why doctors are not prescribing it more often?  I get so tired of people that think there is a magic pill out there that cures disease without side effects and the doctors are just refusing to give it to them.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87305
Tositumomab is a monoclonal antibody derived from immortalized mouse cells. It is a IgG2a anti-CD20 antibody and is covalently bound to 131I. 131I emits both beta and gamma radiation and decays with a half-life of 8 days.Clinical trials have established the efficacy of tositumomab in patients with relapsed or chemotherapy/rituxan refractory follicular lymphoma.It is manufactured by Corixa. It sells in the U.S. under the trade name Bexxar.Ibritumomab tiuxetan, also sold under the trade name Zevalin??, is a monoclonal antibody radioimmunotherapy treatment for some forms of B cell non-Hodgkin s lymphoma, a myeloproliferative disorder of the lymphatic system. The drug uses the monoclonal mouse IgG1 antibody ibritumomab in conjunction with the chelator tiuxetan, to which a radioactive isotope (either yttrium-90 or indium-111) is added.Consult your doctor.Please see the web pages for more details on Tositumomab (generic name) Bexxar (brand name) and Ibritumomab tiuxetan (generic name) Zevalin (brand name).

QUESTION ID: I5BTYBT8Q32NUW2
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is Black History seprate from American History? Is it not All one History?
QUESTION CONTENT: Why is black history not taught every day and included in american history? Is Black History not American history?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79453
I agree with you that it should all be in the same books. The point in originiting Black History is that our history had NOT been included into traditional American History, almost as if we had no history to speak of in America. We had been excluded on purpose. It was almost just as insulting to have it added into schools as an elective, but it was better than what was before.Now to tell the truth, when I was in school, I DESPISED any kind of history because it bored me to tears with all the dates we had to memorize and all,... well at least that was the case until I had a few history teachers who actually could make it interesting. Perhaps the educators of America are afraid that students would just overload having all those extra things to memorize combined into one subject?I know, this is really not funny.Several people I know, along with myself, feel longer than enough time has passed so that the educational writers, educators and publishers of the could get it together to incorporate it all into the same course of study. It seems that this should have been financially feasible for all U.S. school systems. Unfortunately I guess things are not always what it would seem to be -- I talk to parents of some children who go to schools in the U.S. where the schoolbooks are out of date, so few that the children must share with other students or they can t take the books home to study homework.We can hope for a better day, sometime off in the future when enough of the people who count feel this same feeling so that things are corrected.The reason American history books are incorrect is the reason why we have people like balukubabe and mausterwoo running around with incorrect information in their heads. I can t believe in this day and age I see somebody saying Blacks didn t do anything in history until the 1960 s! I would also like to see mausterwoo doing without all of the inventions that have been put into existence by people who rose up from slavery and some Black people who were freemen (not enslaved) or whose ancestors came here as freemen.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27537
It is all one history and it is not seperated
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27538
Black history IS American history as well!You are right,when I was in school in history class we learned about every culture in America except blacks in the U.S.I would wonder when we was going to get to the chapters on black history when I was in school.I hate to go there,but the only explanation I can come up with is racism.Why else would black history not be included in the history books.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27539
well, balck history is that main time when KING took the movement, and all of that good stuff started to happen, and when african americans started to do stuff, when they became more active and the whole process. it is very cool, they just call it something else because they want to make sure that it gets the time and respect that it deserves. GO MARTIN LUTHER KING JR.!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27540
Well, about half of American History is Black History, and about ten to twnety percent of Black History is American History.  Black civilizations in Africa may reach back before those of the middle east and far excede them in size.  A lot of that archiology has yet to be done.  For centuries, Africa was the most literate continent on earth, and the effect of African trade on Europe is precisely why they were able to advance and expand as they did.  And certainly, it would be impossible to have U.S. History without slavery, the civil war, Jim Crowe, the civil rights movement, persistant racial divides, the triumph gained by so many in spite of it, the blues, jazz, rock n roll, hip hop, not to mention virtually every great peice of American literature or fine art.However, all that beingsaid, the two can definitely be seperated.  There s nothing wrong with an examination of Black History in and of itself.  The issue of our not properly acknowledging the formatory role of Africans on American culture (and the resulting ecconomic and racial issuues of today) is neither hindered nor helped by having a Black History month.

QUESTION ID: I82T1EZFH7LKT02
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do u cope knowing your mom has lung cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 30067
Having lost family, I can suggest the following:1.  First, know the prognosis. How long is she expected to live? What can be done to improve her chances of longer life?2.  Know your mother s wishes. This is her life. How does she want to approach this? Is she willing to fight? Does she just want to accept this and settle her affairs and live the rest of her life in peace?3. See to your mother s comfort and her state of mind first. Believe me, you will have time to dwell on your own grief later. Consider this a healthy postponement of your grief.4.  Accept the fact that sooner or later, we lose our parents. It is a part of life and how we deal with it will be an example to our own children and grandchildren. We want them to live on and thrive, not spend their lives in heartache and sorrow.5.  Create more memories now! Enjoy your time together as much as possible. It is difficult to watch a loved one struggle through hard times, but being there for her, just holding her hand, showing your love will send her off with a feeling of deep satisfaction and leave you with fewer regrets.6.  Say what you ve always wanted to say now.7.  Cry. Allow yourself to feel the sorrow, helplessness, even angerat this situation that we have no control over. Grieving cannot be denied. Cry it out.8.  But have hope. Always. Cling to the hope that there is a higher purpose for all things. Hope that the truth is we will be together again with our loved ones who have departed. This is only a short separation. They will be able to see us, visit us and whisper softly to us even though we, in our earthly bodies, will not be able to see them. We will be able to feel their presence. We will be reunited again.You see, my grandmother, my father and my little boy died within one year. I can t describe the heartache. But I can describe the hope. And I have heard their whispers to me! So joyful, so hopeful, so encouraging! I feel their love. They can t wait until we are together again!Until that time, please, please, spend your moments together caring, loving, laughing...then weep in dark rooms when you are alone. Have courage, my friend. And always hope.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82110
My Dad died of small cell carcinoma 3 years ago tomorrow.When he was alive, it was about him.I ran interference for him and made sure that the doctors and nurses gave him proper care (do not trust them).We talked for hours.After he was gone, I grieved. It never ends but does get better with time. You can talk or pray to them and you will gradually forget the bad stuff. The parts you love will remain in your heart forever.Take advantage of your time together and pray. I will pray for you. God Bless You and Your Mother!!!

QUESTION ID: IA31ZB538D2GXZO
QUESTION SUBJECT: Somebody explain to me why American hated soccer?  Please!?
QUESTION CONTENT: The rest of the world like soccer.  I don t understand about American.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75483
americans would like soccer if they watched it enough but unfortunately the big tv networks wont show it because there are no commercial breaks in a game of soccer only one after 45 minutes so the tv networks would lose advertising revenue unlike american football that has breaks all the time.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24178
Contrary to what the rest of the world may think,Americans don t hate or even dislike soccer(football,to everyone else),on the contrary.One only needs to see the tremendous success the 1998 World Cup,played mostly in Los Angeles,was.Both at at large in the world,but most importantly,in the home turf,also(pardon my pun!!).The reason why it isn t more widely accepted as a watchable sport in North America,such as: Baseball,Football(the American variety,Basketball or even another imported sport:Ice Hockey,has to do with market forces solely.Commercial market forces that is.See,sport in America is a huge commercial operation bringing in a lot bucks to a well placed elite,that determines its fate for the sake of those profits,so everyone involved in it,has to kowtow to the wishes and hidden rules of that elite.Most,if not all the former rules of those so called American sports,had to be modified to fit into the parameters demanded by Television Networks,so as to maximize the biggest amount of time possible,allowing for the highest rate of commercials insertion per game transmitted,therefore garnering the fatest contracts negotiated between the respective Leagues and  Television Networks.Enters,FIFA.Or if you prefer its formal name:Federation Internacional de Football Associacion.Very frenchie,ins t it?Anyway.Now those same forces that controll the state of the  Sport Industry in North Ametrica,also tried to apply the same coercions to FIFA,that had been so successefully applied  to the home Leagues,so that rules were to be altered,artificial pauses in the game introduced,(so,commercials could go in)and a few other demands that FIFA flatly refused,invoking that those alterations would in the end,absolutly modifiy the character and spirit of the game.The result.Total boycott of the game on of  the Networks.Consequences.Considering the huge amount of influence Television has on the everyday life of an ordinary North American denizen,we than have the logical explanation for soccer being not so popular on these shores, as it is elsewhere.An added note to this ranting.It s probably for the the best and good of the sport,that things remain so.With its potential buying power,any would be North American Professional Soccer League,would have the possibility of snatching all the best players of any part of the world to the detriment of any other country League.Hope this lenghty explanation answers your question.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24179
Because American are generally not so good at it (even though their FIFA ranking is no too bad)...and because they have (american) football, baseball, hockey... that s more than enough games to like in a single country...

QUESTION ID: IAYBO48TADV116O
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75834
The sky is blue because of the color that is reflected to it.  Most of the earth is ocean (around 85%) and is reflecting the color of the ocean which is blue into the atmosphere.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24509
 The blue color of the sky is caused by the scattering of sunlight off the molecules of the atmosphere. This scattering, called Rayleigh scattering, is more effective at short wavelengths (the blue end of the visible spectrum). Therefore the light scattered down to the earth at a large angle with respect to the direction of the sun s light is predominantly in the blue end of the spectrum. Interestingly, The water droplets that make up the cloud are much larger than the molecules of the air and the scattering from them is almost independent of wavelength in the visible range. All this from the site: http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/atmos/blusky.htmlHere are some other interesting sites...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24510
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground.  If the dust particles aremuch larger thanthe wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.

QUESTION ID: IBUN5KX4WISWANB
QUESTION SUBJECT: Considering the works of Plato, how would Plato define virtue? How does this relate to happiness and the soul?
QUESTION CONTENT: How is this related to the immortality of the soul and the well-being of human beings?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79579
I believe that Plato defined virtue in his Republic through the voice of Socrates.  I think the Plato said that virtue was having a healthy balance in one s soul by having the rational part of one s character in control of the spirited and consuming parts.  He used that as the basis for his  ideal society - The Republic - in which the philosophers (rational) ruled over the rest of society soldiers (spirited) and merchants (consumptive).  He would say that by having this healthy balance of characteristics both the individual and the society become more virtuous, and by being virtuous, more happy.  He would say, i think, that virtue is the path to true happiness, or happiness of the soul.  It has been a while since i have studied any ancient philosophy, so i can t really tell you how this relates to the immortality of the soul.  I am not sure if Plato ever said anything about this.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79580
In considering a question concerning Plato and virtue in the same sentence, one would have to look deeply into Plato s motivations in regard to his relationship with Socrates.  Even the novice devotee of Western Philosophy knows that the words and wisdom attributed to Socrates were written by only two important sources; Plato, and Xenophon, a scribe that served with Socrates in the Peloponnesian Wars.  Xenophon had no aspirations as a philosopher, but only as a scribe that wrote of Socrates heroism and leadership qualities.  Plato, however, had a different agenda.In the early dialoques, Plato uses Meno and Euthyphro to explain The Socratic Method or thinking , and his art of debate.  As Socrates  star pupil , Plato served well in this capacity. During the later dialoques such as Crito and Phaedo , Socrates becomes either a silent onlooker, or absent altogether.  There is irrefutable evidence (Plato s absence in the dialogue Apology ) that can obviously lead the novice student of philosophy to the conclusion that Plato used Socrates celebrity to further his own developing philosophy.  This now leads to the question of virtue as applied to Plato himself.  Just how virtuous was Plato?  What gives Plato the right to define virtue if all the above is correct?  Hence, the questions How does this relate to happiness and the soul and How is this related to the immortality of the soul and the well-being of human beings are rendered moot.

QUESTION ID: ICGD31BBDAZ2EN8
QUESTION SUBJECT: how much does it cost to have a stem cell opperation?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 954
Peripheral Blood Stem Cell Transplantation has been available for years and depending on the type of cancer is not considered experimental. Previous posters are incorrect and confusing the political charged embryonic stem cell research with legitimate treatments used for cancer.There is no operation available using the stem cells, however there is a treatment  similar to Bone Marrow Transplant that uses the patients own stem cells or that of a donor. The stem cell transplant or rescue requires the patient to harvest their own stem cells from their blood. What many people fail to realize is that we all have stem cells in our blood, but our stem cells age with our bodies. Much research has been done on our stem cells and we know that when introduced back into the body they will regrow a new immune system. Hence the stem cell rescue of the immune system. A patient is hooked to a machine similar to a dialysis machine and the stem cells are removed from his blood and frozen for later use. The patient is than given high dose chemotherapy for about 5 days which is intended to kill off all minimal residual disease in the entire body. The high dose chemo also kills off the patients own immune system. At that timethe previously frozen stem cells are used to rescue the patients own immune system. The stem cells are given back through a transfusion bag just like a blood donation. It takes about a hour or two to complete. Than the patient is isolated for 4 to 6 weeks while he regrows a new immune system using his own harvested stem cells.The cost of such a treatment is huge and depends upon how long the patient is in the hospital and how he responds to treatment. The stem cell harvesting costs about 3-4 thousand dollars, but insurance will pay for it. The American Cancer Society quotes a cost of over $100,000.00 which seems like the right figure for this type of treatment.ACS: Costs of Stem Cell Transplants http://www.cancer.org/docroot/ETO/content/ETO_1_4X_Issues_Related_to_Stem_Cell_Transplants.asp?sitearea=ETONCI: Bone Marrow Transplantation and Peripheral Blood Stem Cell Transplantationhttp://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/stemcellsandstemcelltransplantation.htmlMedline Plus: Stem Cells and Stem Cell Transplantationhttp://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/factsheet/Therapy/bone-marrow-transplantMayo Clinic: Stem Cell Transplanthttp://www.mayoclinic.com/health/stem-cell-transplant/CA00067Cancer Backup: Stem cell and bone marrow transplantshttp://www.cancerbackup.org.uk/Treatments/Stemcellbonemarrowtransplants/GeneralinformationDana Farber Cancer Istitute: The Stem Cell/Bone Marrow Transplant Programhttp://www.dana-farber.org/pat/adult/stem-cell-bone-marrow-transplant/
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14326
i don t thing they are doing any operation at the moment,stem cell is still in the research lab
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54346
They don t do stem cell operations. Cells are very tiny. They can inject them. Stem cell treatments are mostly in clinical trials. You can t just go get one. If you could it would be tens of thousands of dollars.

QUESTION ID: ICIMFIY13UWFFY5
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is everyone so against homeschooling???
QUESTION CONTENT: I am 15 and have been homeschooled my entire life. As I read Yahoo Answers, I wonder, why is everyone so opposed to it? The people who naysay it are public-schooled, for the most part. They are stupid, imbecilic, and can t even read right. I have many accomplishments behind me, and because of certain things I accomplished, I have been often featured in the local paper. I don t see any PS d kids in the paper! And to those of you who would defile this question with your lies, I DO GET SOCIALIZATION!!! I get more that enough time to socialize with other homeschoolers because we are not sitting in a dark room doing homework all day and night like the public schooled kids. We get more time to socialize! Why is the public so wary of us? They look at me like I m either A) a genius, B) I m a minor celebrity, C) I m a monster, or D) I m a bad kid because I don t support the public school system. Hah! Please. My words are running out, so please answer! 10 point to wisest answerer! No naysayers!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17150
I m not against it either I m starting my son and he is 16
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18996
Mostly, these people are ignorant or have only met kids who are homeschooled because they are troubled or creepily religious.Not all public schools are bad.  I have been to both public school and homeschool, so I am able to give an opinion on this matter.  I was home schooled, then attended an excellent public high school that offered AP classes with great teachers.  But then my family moved and the public school system was crappy, so I started homeschooling again.I am homeschooled through a University extension program, supplemented with activities and reading that interest me.Public schools have varyingamounts of homework, not all assign tons of it.  Actually, the good high school I went to didn t have nearly as much homework as the substandard one.  You would think it would be the other way around, but no.I don t think there is necessarily more time for socialization when you are homeschooled, because public schooled kids do get to see each other throughout the day.  But there is definitely equal opportunity for hanging out with friends.Just curious, do you pick your own curriculum or are you enrolled in a homeschool?Also, why are you homeschooled?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41370
I have wondered if I should homeschool my own future children and why people pick homeschooling over public schools. I was against homeschooling because of the no socialization issue, but you say that you have plenty of time to socialize and get to know other people. You say you have developed good social skills and don t spend all your time doing homework, as people who attend public school do. You have helped me to understand and lean more toward homeschooling. Altho, I feel at a young age, that a child needs the interaction of public schooling. I also feel that people must be involved in school activities and things to keep them busy and out of trouble. For example, even at age 1, I have sat through a week of childcare, as opposed to raising a child at home, and these 1 year olds were so smart and were encouraged more than most of my friends children are. They learn how to socialize with other children and have the interaction of their own age. That is the same for 5 or 6 year olds in gradeschool. I feel tho, that by the time they are in middle school or high school, that s where homeschooling would come in, because in public schools drugs get involved and kids start getting jealous of other kids and fights begin. As you see, I go both ways on this. I will read other s answers later because I would like to know all of their opinions.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41371
It really boils down to ignorance. Plain and simple. The people who are against homeschooling don t really understand it. They believe silly things like homeschooled kids spend their entire time at home, or they believe some pseudo-psychological mumbo jumbo about having to be with 30 other kids the same age most of the time or that bullying is actually good for you because you learn how to deal with people.Granted, there are some poor examples of homeschoolers out there and people come to believe that it s BECAUSE of homeschooling that the kids are like that, when it really boils down to a mix of personality and HOW the kids were homeschooled/parented. We would never point to a poor example of a human being and say, Wow, we shouldn t be making any more. Look at how they turn out! but the ignorant believe the examples they ve met are reflective of the whole.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54013
Because they don t understand it. I m 15 too but I spent five years in school.They make all sorts of assumptions about us that they don t want changed.They take the stupid sensationalistic cases off the 11 o clock news and paint us all with that brush. They refuse to admit that Homeschooling Mother Cannibalistically Murders Children isn t a description of a normal homeschooler.They look at you and fit you in to that stereotype. Where you were previously polite, you are now a freak. Where you were thought of as unusually mature, you are now sheltered. And so on.People also assume that some thing aren t natural parts of being human, that they can only be gotten in school. I have a boyfriend, I have friends, I have a certain amount of melodrama because people are people. You can t change our common humanity. They assume that friends, boy/girlfriends, hanging out, basically everything good, can only be found in school and they don t want to be proven wrong.Also, when we re homeschooled and turn out fine, we challenge a lot of the doctrine keeping kids in school. They re told every day that school is the only real way to succeed, the only way for real people, anyway. Homeschoolers exist, but they re freaks, only rich people do it, or something else that makes us the Other. They are told every day that if they go though the boredom and humiliation, they ll come out stronger in the end, and that s the only way to do it.So then they see you or me. Happy, normal, and what s this? SUCCEEDING? Well, there must be something wrong there. So they oppose it, start some semantic insult-flinging they call adebate, and make themselves look stupid.We re a minority so we re an easy target. We re just different enough. That s why we have to justify our lifestyle to everyone we meet and they don t have to justify theirs to us. They can throw whatever insults they want and we just have to take it or we re sheltered and infantilized and socially retarded.I think it should get better once this generation of homeschoolers grows up and does well, and then homeschools their kids, who will homeschool their kids, and so forth.Keep fighting the good fight, brother.

QUESTION ID: ICTXQA0JK7W2HGO
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does lake come first (Lake Michigan) and river come second (Mississippi River)?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83732
Aaaa ... This is a question of the ages.I shall have to reflect back to the time of my very first recollections to supply your answer with accuracy.  It was during my youth, as I now recall clearly, that I was called upon to answer the chore of deciding this the dilemma - the feud between the waters as it was first know.  The puddle and the stream were at odds over housing... the beaver and the fish were acting the between. My part was taken late in the game - the job of separating the four who were frantically beyond wits end and gaining in escalating violence upon one another. I became the peace maker.  Neither the stream nor the puddle gave care to their names; they had no argument over it in the least, it turned out. Yet being the recipients of thoughtfulness, each under the advice of another, the fish for the stream and the beaver for the puddle, they were stagnated in their ability to first decide upon location and shape and second to get about the business of being.  The fish was insistent that the stream take a deep and broad shape, that it locate to the east and lay beautifully in the early morning sunrise. The Beaver vied for the puddle that he claim a great divide on the land, west to the west and all else to the east.  A ribbon of shallows all connected together was his advice to the puddle, a concept unheard of until the break of that day but appealing to the puddle who meekly came into agreement with his council.And so it was that the stream and the puddle so entrusted themselves to the others that they soon grew entrenched in their common belief that this should be the so of it all. Yet there remained the dilemma of taking up names; the rub was thus set into squeaking and moaning, and to gerrring and babbling. And they battled.At my approach the stream was tangled upon the puddle and the beaver was so upon the fish, both tails in wild motion amits splashes upon waves.  I called out, Lake! without knowing quite why, for the sound was all new to me, and yet Michigan, the fish, took an immediate halt and a back step. I then bellowed even louder than before for the attention of the others, River! I sounded, an utterance of pure nonsense to my ears, but one which to my own surprise had its effect, too. This time it drew at the beaver, Mississippi, who parted from the neck of the stream with alacrity. The puddle calmed slowly of its own accord and in turn the stream left off as well, both to become near to motionless, and looking lazy, both being as tired as ever they were. With only a lift of my arms and with mere extensions of my fingers all held out in point, the combatants all surprisingly obeyed and departed the spot taking up directions of opposition on the compass. The puddle and the beaver moved off to the west while the stream and the fish splashed and flip flopped easterly. My job was quite pleasantlyfinished at the sight of them all and I smiled, in satisfaction and then repeated the same in respect of a nearby passing pathway. Good day. It came as news to me later that there were marriages formed. The Beaver to the puddle and the stream to the fish and that each pair were busy in just being. In addition came the news that the puddle had claimed itself a divide that it stretched itself North to South on the land like a ribbon, the same concept as I d earlier heard of from the beaver. And soon came similar breezes of words that the fish and the stream had combined into union, the latter growing broad and running deep under the sun and the former looking forward to the prospects of fatherhood.I can t recall the exact date of it nor put together in my mind just how or where I knew it first, but from that era on the sounds River and Lake were no longer unheard of but were attached by great degrees to the very parties of this history... It was that way ever after, that Lake and Michigan were commonly being said and likewise it was that Mississippi and River toned together easily from all lips. The names became fixed as it were. But for the life of me the why of it all is illusive still ??? yet, does it matter in the end to anyone?[][][]r u randy? [][][]
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83733
Doesn t it vary?  The River Nile for example?  There is a lake near me called Hawley Lake.  I think it depends on the river or lake.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83734
We always river Thames, river Isis depends on  how easy it is on the tongue (to say that way).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83735
It doesn t I live near the river trent and the river sense. Also Coniston Lake etc.So am not sure. but good question.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83736
What about the river Thames or the river Nile or the river Danube?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83737
A very good question but unfortunately I have no answer.

QUESTION ID: IDP2LZOI2L2OZ30
QUESTION SUBJECT: I m really scared, how can i not be???
QUESTION CONTENT: My grandmother was diagnosed with cancer and it could be heretitary, plus they can t tell if its terminal. I m scared. What if i get it or my grandmother dies? How can I not be scared?i cant research it, i dont have enough information. plus, her father has cancer but a different type. I lost my aunt to cancer, now her?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 37750
First of all, I m sorry to hear this news.Secondly... I know that this can be a very scary, confusing time.  But I d like to offer you some words of reassurance.Cancer is not a death sentence.  It is, in early stages, very treatable.  Even later-stage cancers can be treated successfully in some cases.  It all depends on the type of cancer or tumor (breast, lung, colon, brain, for example), and how advanced it is.The best thing that you can do is to take it one day at a time right now, until you find out more details.  Spend as much time with your grandmother as possible... she is still very much alive, and that isn t necessarily going to change just because she has cancer.  She is probably scared right now too, and the best thing that you can do for her is to spend time with her and help get her mind off of the situation.  (And maybe yours, too!)As for the hereditary concern, that isn t something that you should worry about too much right now.  You don t know for a fact that it is hereditary, and even if it is, that doesn t mean you ll get it.  Some cancers are environmental, meaning they are caused by lifestyle and surroundings.  Some cancers are, yes, hereditary.  But that isn t a guarantee... it s just a slightly greater risk factor.The best thing you can do right now is to ease your mind about it.  Be glad, and feel blessed, that you don t have cancer, and realize that worrying isn t going to change anything.  It might help to start actively trying to live a healthier lifestyle... dietary changes, exercising regularly, taking a multivitamin; those are all good ways to reassure yourself that you are taking the best care of your body possible.  It s not a cancer-proof guarantee, of course, but it might help ease your mind to feel as if you re doing something tangible to better your health.Please try not to worry about your grandmother or yourself.  My grandmother always says that worry is the work of the devil. :)And just remember, there are many, many cancer survivors out there... lots of folks on this board, for example.  Just remember that it is not necessarily a death sentence.I wish the best for both you and your grandmother.  :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37751
Just take extra good care of your health in the years to come.  Eat right, take vitamins, and exercise.  Your grandmother needs you to be strong for her and she wouldn t want you to be scared no matter what happens.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85154
I m a 25 year old cancer survivor.  Cancer is scary but so are many things in life.  Learn about the cancer your grandmother has.  If you know the early symptoms and you get regular checkups, you re chances of catching a disease early increases.  Best of luck to your grandmother

QUESTION ID: IGG86OOBQ8POJXE
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long does someone with Stage 4 Breast Cancer have to live?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9717
Stage 4 survial rate for 5 years is 20%.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17246
Five hundred years ago, people said the world was flat. Today, people say that if the FDA and AMA haven t blessed something, it can t be real good. Well, here s something I know to be real AND good. It s a little different take on cancer treatment--In 1990, I had Hodgkin s Lymphoma, stage 3-B, but I ve survived. My doctors were great people, but they were limited to surgery, chemo and radiation by profitable AMA treatment policy. During the year in treatment, I started learning about alternative medicine. I m a retired engineer, and this is what I ve pieced together--our IMMUNE SYSTEMS become weakened by poor nutrition, lackof exercise and reduced oxygen. Once that happens, our body becomes vulnerable to common STRESSORS. Stressors can be environmental, like viruses, heavy metals, pesticides, food additives, electromagnetic waves or pollution. They can be internal things like emotional or job stress, or poisonous people in our lives. Aging is also a contributing factor. So this means:               WEAK IMMUNE SYSTEM  +  STRESSORS  =  DISEASE  (cancer, diabetes, heart disease, etc.) Our bodies have 60 trillion--yes, trillion--cells, and there are always some mutating into cancer cells, but a healthy immune system kills them before they have a chance to get a foothold in the body. It takes a LONG time, usually, or a high level of stressors, to weaken the immune system to the point where it won t do its job, but once cancer has formed, it will generally spread rapidly.THIS IS IMPORTANT! There are ways to BEAT cancer that are currently being used in Europe and around the world, and there are some great books on the subject. I know because I ve read about 50 of them  from cover to cover. Here s a list of the best ones. Some are out of print and  getting hard to find-- The Cure for All Cancers , ISBN 0963632825 A Cancer Therapy , ISBN 0882681052 Oxygen Therapies , ISBN 0962052701 Hydrogen Peroxide--Medical Miracle , ISBN 1885236077 The Natural Cure for Cancer--Germanium , ISBN 0533071410 Killing Cancer , ISBN 0705000966 Natural Cures They Don t Want You to Know About , ISBN 0975599518I know of people whose cancer has spontaneously remitted (WENT AWAY for no known reason) AFTER they went on programs of herbs and nutrition to restart their immune systems. You and your family must look out for yourselves to stand a chance of being healthy. This is not a joke, and I m not selling anything--just trying to help.  I am using the things I learned in those books right now to fight off a second infestation of cancer. I ve been at it for over a year now, and think I m going to make it. Use what works for you, and pass on your success. Best of luck.AMA AND FDA--The American Medical Association (AMA) and the pharmaceutical companies control medical law and the FDA in this country with heavy lobbying and a revolving door policy. WHY would they want to do this? It s about the money. In 2004, medicine (doctors, hospitals, researchers and pharmaceutical firms) received 1.1 TRILLION dollars--1/4th of the total earnings (GNP 4.4 trillion) in the U.S. This is astounding, it means MILLIONS of people worked the whole year just to pay the nation s medical expenses!! That s totally astounding, and just too big to care about individuals. http://www.altcancer.com/video/hoxsey_ds...<http://www.altcancer.com/video/hoxsey_DSL.wmv>
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40204
wheredid it spread to?  there are a lot of Stage 4 survivors out there.  check the ACS site for survivor % soh, nice avatar, dog!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40205
dont listen to meow mix up there she has had to much cat food my mother has stage 4 breast cancer and has had chemo breast removed and more chemo and radiation to go and she is doing great  but no one really knows hope the dumb @ss meow mix didnt hurt your feelings

QUESTION ID: IHE6XW5VDKSJMXY
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why Were The Days of the Week Named After The Solar System?
QUESTION CONTENT: I was just curious. I know that Sunday is named after the Sun. Monday=Moon, Tuesday=Mars, Wed.=Mercury, Thur.=Jupiter, Friday=Venus,&Sat.=Saturn...But why exactly?. Was it believed that those days revolved around each of those planets at that time? or what?Thanks.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75598
A long time ago in human history, people thought that Earth was flat, and at the universe s center. They believed that seven members of the solar system forever circled around us???see graphic to the right, or view one from Censorinus - Sur le jour natal.      Some Mediterranian peoples also believed that each hour of the day was ruled by either the Sun, Moon or one of five then-known planets, all of which were thought of as gods. The sequence in which they thought hours were governed was the inverse order of distance they believed those solar system objects to be from Earth. During this time, Egyptians thought that the most distant was Saturn, shown at the bottom of the graphic above. They thought that the order of closer members (shown counterclockwise following Saturn) was Jupiter, Mars, Sun, Venus, Mercury and closest, the Moon. So they believed that the first hour was ruled by Saturn, the second by Jupiter and so on.      Egyptians also believed that after each seven hours the order in which these objects ruled was repeated, so it started again with Saturn.      According to those ancient Egyptians, the planet that ruled the first hour also governed the entire twenty-four hour period, and gave its name to that day.    The first (and also the 8th, 15th and 22nd) hours of the first day were sacred to Saturn, the 23rd to Jupiter, the 24th to Mars and the first hour of the next day to the Sun. Therefore, they believed that the first day was ruled by and named after Saturn (Saturday) and the second was ruled by (and named after) the Sun (Sunday). Egyptians once divided all twelve 30-day months (of their 360-day calendar year) into three 10-day weeks in the same manner as Greeks of the same period.    The epoch at which planet worship caused them to change its length to seven days is not known, but it must have been over twenty-five hundred years ago because Herodotus, writing in his History during the 5th century B.C. said: Here are some other discoveries of the Egyptians. They find...each day belongs to a god... Adherents of the cult of Sin at Harran, who were known as Harranians or Sabeans by Arabic and Syrian authors, named their days after the same solar system members  as Egyptians and Persians. Like Hebrews and many other peoples, they considered the one named after Saturn to be the seventh day, so they began their week with a day named after the Sun. All seven days were named after solar system members in the same order as they were in Egypt. It is interesting to note that these exact same solar system objects, and in the same sequence, were also used to name days in ancient India, Tibet and Burma.   This is also true of names for Japanese days of the week, but the custom there has been traced back only a thousand years.       Roman soldiers stationed in Egypt became accustomed to the pagan seven-day week and began to introduce it into their own homeland to replace their eight-day marketing week. Octavian (Caesar Augustus) and succeeding Roman rulers permitted this practice but it wasn t made official until the emperor Constantine took that step in A.D. 321.      English names for days of the week are derived from Anglo-Saxon names for those same seven heavenly bodies that were revered by ancient peoples. Compare those English and Anglo-Saxon day names in the table below. Other similarities between day and planet names in various countries can be observed there.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24269
I thought the days of the week were named after some of the members of the Norse pantheon. well, I suppose it must vary by culture.

QUESTION ID: IJK71P0D1EDJXF5
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do I protect myself from phone radiations?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88084
This is a valid question and concern that everyone should be aware of as the longer you use the phone the greater the adverse affects are likely to be and certainly use of phones by young children should be avoided altogether, due to their skull and brain is still developing. Although there is no proof to indicate that mobile phones can cause cancer, there is sufficient debate to cause doubt as to the relative safety. The thing is, it is a mutlibillion dollar industry and it will not be quashed without definite proof, which may not arise for some decades. As a telecommunications engineer I am aware of the power density levels produced by mobile phones and the effect they can have on different people. Mobile phones transmit using radio frequency radiation (RFR). Dependant on the network this can range between 800MHz and 2GHz. These are radio waves located within the electromagnetic spectrum. X-rays which are known to cause cancer through ionizing radiation are also within the electromagnetic spectrum, however, RFRs cannot cause cancer in the same way as x-rays because RFRs are non-ionizing.However, high levels of RFRs can cause health effects through heating the human body (thermal effects). To address this health effect, the Radiocommunications (Electromagnetic Radiation Human Exposure) Standard 1999 specifies limits on public exposure to RF radiation from mobile phones. The limits set by this Standard are only a fraction of the levels needed to cause thermal effects.Whilst it cannot be shown at this point in time that the thermal effects from mobile phones are a health hazard there is a considerable body of scientific literature which describes the effects of RFR in biological systems that cannot be directly attributed to heating. These effects are referred to as non-thermal and have been demonstrated to cause alteration in animal behaviour, or changes in the functioning of cell membranes.To limit the possible adverse effects mobile phones may have I would suggest that anyone concerned about their use should;- Limit the prolonged use of mobiles to under a couple of minutes at a time.- Use the phone in handsfree speaker mode.- Avoid using the phone in a confined space (such as in the car or building) as this causes the phone to radiate at the higher power levels to get a signal out.Personnaly I avoid using the phone as much as possible and if I need to use it I keep it under a few minutes or use hands free.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47800
Use common sense. Limit the length of your calls. Also, watch out for those cosmic rays that keep hitting you on the top of the head all day.

QUESTION ID: IK52OXAMYRSMHCV
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can you lower cholesterol numbers when a low fat, low cholesterol diet and aerobic exercise don t work?
QUESTION CONTENT: I would like answers that don t include prescription drugs.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86041
Starvation wt. loss.  Otherwise, this has been a question for many years.  Since 50% of Americans die from cholesterolclogged arteries, either  the heart, the brain, or kidneys, people have been searching for the magic treatment for hi cholesterol. Normal cholesterol has been thought to be 180 to 210 since so many Americans have that level.  However, that level may be a lethal level.  In poor countries where food is not readily available like in the US, cholesterol levels are 75 -110.  And they do not have MI s, strokes, and other clogged artery problems.  The statins have solved hi cholesterol for many in the US.  In the last couple years, Zetia has been developed.  Zetia blocks the reuptake of cholesterol from the intestines into the general system, and the statins block the production of cholesterol in the liver.  The death rate in the US went down by 150,000 from 2004-2005.  The cause has not for sure been determined, but it very well could be from the lowered cholesterol levels from these meds.  Almost all Cardiologists in America take statins and/or Zetia.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86042
fast niacin (B3), strongweight lose, mildoat bran, mildboiled red rice, haf cup, strongChinese oolong tea,  1 glass, strongChinese dark black tea, mildexcept oat, side effect of fatige can happen to some peopletea and red rice, unchanged in thousands years, are very cheap in most Asian grocery stores.some other plants are very delicious and can melt fat without side effect, but not for sale.

QUESTION ID: IL3L8YU2W5B45TZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I improve my serve in Tennis?
QUESTION CONTENT: Hi,Please Help.The only thing that I can t really do is serveI serve it to the wrong service box, it doesn t go through (ect).U know the usaul problems.fromBenP.S. Please send pictures or videos they would help
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69986
Serving a basket of balls is the way to practice, but a couple of extremely helpful tips are:1. Make sure you are using the continental grip. If you don t know what that is, it is more commonly known as the hammer grip. If you don t know what that is, hold the racquet like the sides are a hammer. It gets frustrating at first because you have to position your wrist differently, but i know people who have gotten used to their serve with another type of grip, and their serve has no potential to get better.2. Ball toss. Ball toss consistency is needed. For a basic serve, throw the ball so it lands about a foot or so in front of your toe. so practice the throw so it lands there. don t hit it, just let it drop until you get the hang of it.3. The Swing. Start from your shoulder or what some others might call the backscratch . You may switch to a full swing afterwards if you feel that this is an awkward position. On the fullswing, make sure that your arms go up at approximately the same time, to better time your swing and throw.Make sure you are swinging through the ball.Try to make contact point near the highest point. Don t stress too much about that though, as A) It will come with time B) you tend to think too much about that and you let your shoulder drop, and C) Often times when you ask Why is my serve going into the net? people often reply by saying You need a higher contact point . Often times, you think too much about getting the higher contact point that you let your shoulder drop as you are concentrating on hitting it at the highest point.4. KEEP YOUR HEAD UP, AND DON T LET YOUR SHOULDER DROP. This tip is often overlooked but if you don t keep your head up, your left shoulder drops, and your right shoulder will follow suit and you will soon find that all your balls are dipping into the net.5. My FAVORITE Serving Drill. I do this drill with all levels that I have (tried to) coach, from first timers to intermediate/advance levels. get a couple balls and start at the service line. Serve a controlled, slower serve into the opposite service box. After 5 of these, move back 2 or 3 steps(or what i call three-quarter court). Do the same thing. After 5 serves from 3/4 court, move back to the baseline. The purpose of this drill is to train your muscles to adapt to the longer distance. The difference is minor but those little minor differences make a big difference. when you start getting consistent from the baseline, start increasing racquet speed, but keep the form the same. what some beginners tend to do is forget everything that is learned through this drill and try to whack the crap out of the ball. ends up slapping the ball with no followthrough, dip straight into the net. keep the form the same, just increased racquet head speed.PS. I read another answer that said target practice.... meh, if you feel like it, do it, but don t do it until you re consistent. being able to hit the dead corner but only once every 25 shots isn t very useful in a game, while getting a decent serve in7 out of 10 is much more useful.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4139
I don t have any pictures or vidoes...But I can tell you the obvious answer here...1.) coaching2.) Just practice. Serve 25 balls in a row and see how many you get right... Keep doing it and try to improve your score. Sort of make a game out of it. It s important to have fun while playing.3.) TARGE PRACTICE! Place cones into the service box and try to hit each cone.

QUESTION ID: IL4YG8P22JX82GJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do teachers give kids so much hw?
QUESTION CONTENT: They already put in 7 or 8 hours of hard labor, not including the afterschool activitys and hebrew school and or sunday school. they already spend all of that time working,  then you have to come into your home enviorment and instead of hanging out with friends, all that they do is hw! It  is compleately unfair. Also, why do they teach the kids the stuff that they do in school? When are they ever going to need to know what languages they speak in Brazil or the differnt kinds of shading in art? If you want to know what they speak in Brazil, go to Brazil or ask your Brazilian cousin! If you want to know how to shade, go to art school!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 23686
tHEY JUST HATE THE STUDENTS. LEARNING, NOT IMPORTANT!!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74947
Homework is for kids to learn.  And not just the subject matter, kids learn that life is work.  I bet your parents don t get to hang out with their friends a lot.  Or not as much as you do.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74948
I can t address some of your points in the question about the Hebrew and Brazilian components, but in reference to the Home Work I can speak.Home work is designed to allow the student to:#1 review class work already taught in classes.  Repitition is one of the keystones of instruction and memory.  For true maximum learning and memory retention, the material should be reviewed within a few hours of instruction.#2  Home work is also assigned so that the student pre-reviews what WILL be taught so that the information isn t coming at the cold .. in other words so that they have an idea of what is going to be taught and then will be in a better psotion to understand or at least question the instructor more closely if they have questions.#3  Lastly, some skills need to be repeated many more times than can be done in school just because of the other classes that are being taught.  For example, drilling with letter-writing or multiplication tables simply need multiple reviews to learn well.All this is tedious to many students, but you know, even adults and college students are subject to this Home Work technique.In my nursing career, a GOOD nurse will continue to read and study nursing journals and review periodicals to keep their information up to date and current.  Technology and medicine is always advancing and the nurse can find themselves in a serious disadvantage in a competitive market.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74949
I know that you may think that it is cruel but at the levels at which American kids are, compared to Aisian countries is pathetic. There is simply not enough time in a school day to teach everything they need. Most schools are trying to teach the kids just what they need to pass state test so that they can continue to get funding.  You also have many organizations that are constantly fighting for ethnic education and that is where you run into the Brazil issue. My advice is to help you kids as much as you can to speed the process. So that they can be kids and look foward to the summer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74950
A great deal of what is taught to children in school is less about the actual subject matter and is more about the actual learning process.  By this, I mean that part of the importance of school is learning how to learn and learning new ways to use your mind.I understand that you think you already know how to learn and don t need to be taught any further, but there is a good reason why you think that: you don t know what you don t know!  There are many new methods of learning and new ways to use and stretch your mind that you do not yet know.  Back to the reason why you get so much homework: using your mind isn t something you can be told how to do.  It s not like putting together a piece of furniture.  You can t be given a set of instructions and then go and do it by following them.  You have to figure it out on your own by trial and error.  You have to do it over and over again until you figure out the best way to do it, and then you have to keep practicing until it starts coming naturally.  It s more like learning to ride a bike. You just keep trying and trying and trying until one day it just clicks, and from then on, you always know how to do it.I ll try to give you an example, but I don t know how old you are, so it may or may not make sense.  Remember when you were first learning to add two-digit numbers?  Let s say you were asked to add 13 and 17 together.  you would write the number 13 with the number 17 underneath it with a + in front of it and a straight line underneath it.  Then you would add the three and the seven together.  That would give you 10.  You would write a zero underneath the 7 and you would write a small number one above the two big number 1 s in order to carry to 1 .  Then you would add 1+1+1 and get 3.  You would then write a 3 underneath all the 1 s, and then you would finally know that the answer to the addition problem was 30.Now, fast-forward a few years down the road till you re older.  Someone asks you to add 13 and 17.  You can pretty much look at - or even just HEAR - the two numbers - and know that the answer is 30.  How?  Well, after years of trial and error and years of practice, you ve learned new ways of thinking and using your mind!THAT is the reason why you have to learn so many facts that seem (and truthfully, probably ARE) useless in adult life in school AND why you have to do so much homework.  It gives you practice at thinking so that you learn how to get better at it, and when you are an adult, you can recall information and solve problems faster, easier, and more creatively.(Oh, and if that s not a practical enough reason... All of that will help you do better in college.  Doing better in college will help you get a better job.  Better jobs pay more money.  I don t think I need to explain to you what more money can get you.)

QUESTION ID: ILU81MN7M68EL3T
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can i prevent cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: no on in my family has had cancer ever one in my family had live over the age of 90 but i still fear cancer im 21 how can i prevent it now
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 14460
To my understanding there is no significant etiology and or prevention of Cancer as a whole. The American Cancer Society reports that there is no Sure Way to prevent breast cancer. However, early detection is critical and can mean the difference between life and death. What you can be sure of when it comes to cancer prevention is that making small changes to your everyday life might help reduce your chances of getting cancer.  Although these measures provide no guarantee that you would not develop the disease, they will give you a start for breast cancer prevention, barring the certain risks over which you have no control - your age and genetic makeup.For prevention of Breast Cancer, if at all we can do anything, it starts with our own Lifestyle choices and healthy habits - such as staying physically active, limiting alcohol and eating right. Among the easiest things to control are what you eat and drink and how active you are. Here are some strategies that may help you decrease your risk of breast cancer:- Limit alcohol. A strong link exists between alcohol consumption and breast cancer. The type of alcohol consumed - wine, beer or mixed drinks - seems to make no difference. To help protect against breast cancer, limit alcohol to less than one drink a day or avoid alcohol completely.- Maintain a healthy weight. There is a clear link between obesity and breast cancer. This is especially if you gain the weight after menopause. Excess fatty tissue is a source of circulating estrogen in your body. And breast cancer risk is linked to how much estrogen you are exposed to during your lifetime.- Stay physically active. Regular exercise can help you maintain a healthy weight and in lowering your risk of breast cancer. Aim for at least 30 minutes of exercise daily.- Consider limiting fat in your diet. Results from the most definitive study of dietary fat and breast cancer risk to date suggest a slight decrease in risk of invasive breast cancer for women who eat a low fat diet. A low fat diet may protect against breast cancer in another way if it helps you maintain a healthy weight.- Avoid hormone replacement therapy if possible. Studies have shown a link between long time hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and breast cancer. This link suggests that combined HRTs (estrogen and progesterone) raise the risk factor. HRT also make mammograms less effective. If you need to take hormone replacement therapy, talk to your doctor about the risk and your personal condition.- Check your breasts every month. Checking your breasts every month may not reduce your risk of developing breast cancer, but it may help detect breast cancer early. The earlier breast cancer is found, the less aggressive the treatment.- Don t forget to get a mammogram - it s not a choice. Like the breast self exam, a mammogram would not prevent the development of breast cancer, but it can detect cancer. Sometimes it can be difficult to feel a lump in the breast, and a mammogram is likely to detect any lumps that cannot be felt.- Have children earlier in life, if possible. Having no children or having your first child in your mid-thirties or later increases the risk.- Consider breastfeeding instead of formula feeding. Researchers believe that the months without a period during pregnancy and breast feeding may reduce a woman s risk of breast cancer.- Be cautious about Pesticides. Breast cancer incidence are linked to pesticide exposure. The molecular structure of some pesticides closely resembles that of estrogen. This means they may attach to estrogen receptor sites in your body.- Avoid taking Unnecessary Antibiotics - Scientists recently found a link between antibiotic use and breast cancer - the longer antibiotics were used, the greater the risk of breast cancer.- Nothing you do can guarantee your life will be cancer free. But if you practice healthy habits and consult your doctor about extra measures you can take, you may at least reduce your risk of this potentially fatal disease.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1655
There are over 200 different types of cancer and just as many subtypes . . no one knows the exact cause of each and every one of them. So, while you may take precautions to protect yourself from one of them (like not smoking) that doesn t mean you won t get another one. There are some things you can do to reduce your risk . . and that is to do everything in moderation, eat healthy, exercise, avoid known carcinogens, don t drink, do drugs, or smoke excessively. And, remember, unfortunately even the healthiest people can get cancer (Lance Armstrong had stage IV testicular cancer and survived.) And even the healthiest can still die from cancer (Maureen Kennedy Salaman, the first lady of Nutrition, ironically died from Pancreatic cancer after making claims for years that nutrition was cancers cure.)So, the best that you can do is become thoroughly aware of your own body. Know what is normal and what is not. Make sure you have a well physical every year . . so that the doctor will have records to compare with should you ever become ill.Always check out any suspicious lumps that seem to be growing. Do not just settle for checking your breasts for lumps, check the entire body. Maintain a healthy weight and exercise . .not necessarily to keep cancer away, but so that you will be physically strong and healthy to fight cancer should it ever occur. I am convinced that my son survived the first month of being diagnosed with stage IV cancer because he was a strong, healthy athlete.Good luck. You have take excellent steps so far. Most people your age are unaware that they can develop cancer too.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57862
Well there is no way to 100% prevent cancer, but there are things you can do to reduce your risk:*Eat a well-balanced diet with lot of fruits and vegetables, especially green vegetables and grapes*Exercise often*Drink plenty of water*Avoid red meat and fatty, oily, and fried foods*Wear sunscreen every time you re out in the hot sun for more than 10 minutes*Follow all the screening guidelines and get a check-up every year. At your age, you need to be checking your skin for suspicious moles or skin tags as well as doing monthly testicular self-exams.*The obvious ones: don t smoke and don t drink or do drugsTry not to obsess and worry about getting cancer, everybody has a risk of it and it sounds like you have good genes. Just take some simple measures to mitigate your risk.

QUESTION ID: INCRFE2Y703WPSS
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you get cervical cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88168
Most cervical cancers are brought upon because of an infection called HPV. There are 2-3 of the strains of HPV that can cause cervical cancer. Not all cervical cancer is caused by this but most all are. HPV is carried in 70-80% of all sexually active people who have no symptoms of the infection. Most of these infections are not the strains that cause cancer. The strains that do cause cancer also cause genital warts. Genital warts and HPV go hand in hand. It is a tricky infection because one doesn t really know when they came into contact with it. Warts can be visible to the naked eye and in many cases they are not visible without a solution being places on the genitals. As well, it can take weeks, months, and even years before someone has an outbreak of genital warts from the time they were infected. These warts can be on the outside of the vagina, the vulva, anus and inside the vagina on the cervix OR on the penis, scrotum, anus, or down the thigh area. Hpv also causes warts on the hands and legs, but this strain is not one that creates cervical cancer.There are risk factors for cervical cancer. Many births (5 and over), becoming sexually active below the age of 16, having multiple sexual partners, std s, and smoking.No one can determine who will get cervical cancer and who won t. Sometimes this cancer has spread from another part of the body in which case it is not considered cervical cancer, it would be wherever the primary tumor is and would be treated the same as that cancer.Cancer is an overgrowth of cells. Our body makes new cells and gets rid of the old, but with cancer our body makes new cells without getting rid of the old and the cells accumulate and form a growth called a tumor, which can be cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1455
Some people, like myself get cervical cancer and do not have the HPV virus though...I ve been tested numerous times and I m negative. I do have stage II cervical cancer though. I only had one abnormal pap smear in my life and I m 33 and was tested yearly. So not ALL cases are caused by hpv, but most are.

QUESTION ID: IQHPUEQN4OO8VHN
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do Hindus believe in God? What is the Hindu Trimurti?
QUESTION CONTENT: I know it sounds like a really stupid question, because loads of people believe in God, but no-one asks why. But this question was given to me bymy teacher. I ve looked on the Internet, but I can t find anything useful.So thanks in advance.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5722
Hindus declare that there is only one Supreme Being and He is the God of all religions. There is no other God. Thus the Biblical Commandment Thou shalt have no other God before me, really means, Thou shalt not deny the Ultimate Reality or worship any power other than the Ultimate Reality. So, like most of the other religions, Hindus believe in God and only one God.  Their view of God is much like the Christian Holy Trinity.  Hindus view cosmic activity of the Supreme Being as comprised of three tasks: creation, preservation, and dissolution and recreation. Hindus associate these three cosmic tasks with the three deities, Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva. Lord Brahma brings forth the creation and represents the creative principle of the Supreme Being. Lord Vishnu maintains the universe and represents the eternal principle of preservation. Lord Shiva represents the principle of dissolution and recreation. These three deities together form the Hindu Trinity. One must clearly understand that Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva are not three independent deities. They represent the same power (the Supreme Being), but in three different aspects. Just as a man may be called a doctor, father or husband based upon the tasks he performs, the Supreme Being is called Brahma, Vishnu or Shiva when conceived as performing the three different cosmic tasks of creation, preser-vation, and dissolution/recreation. The oneness of the three gods Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva is brought out by the mystic symbol AUM where A represents Vishnu, U Shiva and M Brahma. Hindu religion is often labeled as a religion of 330 million gods. This misunderstanding arises when people fail to grasp the symbolism of the Hindu pantheon. According to the Hindu scriptures, living beings are not apart from God, since He lives in each and every one of them in the form of atman (BG 10.39). Thus each living being is a unique manifestation of God. In ancient times it was believed that there were 330 million living beings. This gave rise to the idea of 330 million deities or gods. Actually, this vast number of gods could not have been possibly worshiped, since 330 million names could not have been designed for them. The number 330 million was simply used to give a symbolic expression to the fundamental Hindu doctrine that God lives in the hearts of all living beings. The Hindu trinity is of Brahma, Vishnu  and Shiva. They are respectively the creator, preserver and destroyer of the universe. They are also aligned as the transcendent Godhead, Shiva, the cosmic lord, Vishnu and the cosmic mind, Brahma. In this regard they are called Sat-Tat-Aum, the Being, the Thatness or immanence and the Word or holy spirit. This is much like the Christian trinity of God as the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. The trinity represents the Divine in its threefold nature and function. Each aspect of the trinity contains and includes the others.Hindu Trimurti is just the name of the Hindu Holy Trinity.  Trimurti, meaning having three forms , is the term applied to the three main Hindu gods: Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva. This Trimurti or triad represents all aspects of the Supreme Being. The Trimurti is depicted as a single-bodied, three-headed man. This symbolises the fact that the three forms are aspects of one Supreme Being. Nothing in the universe is created, preserved, or destroyed without the mutual agreement and approval of the three aspects of the Supreme Being, for they are unitedly essential for the production and reproduction of all forms of life.Read the sources below for more information.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5723
Muslims, Christians and other religions believe in God in the similar way HIndus also believe their God. Hindu Trimutis rare Brahma, Vishnu, and Maheswara. Hindus also human beings and they are also having belief on supernatural power who created this universe.so they believe in Gods like other people. go to Go ogle and type Hindu.

QUESTION ID: IQK1FB20ZL5JAVP
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does milk spoil??
QUESTION CONTENT: PLZ ANSWER! IKNOW I HAVE POSTED THIS LIKE 1 MILLION TIMES BUT I NEED MORE HELP! SO HELP!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75628
Because after milk is extracted, it is then cooled in the dairy and transported in refrigerated tankers for processing. Unchilled milk would soon go sour due to acid production by lactobacilli. Even if kept refrigerated, raw milk goes off rapidly due to the action of psychrophilic (cold-tolerant) bacteria. These produce proteinases and lipases which break down both the protein and the fat in milk, causing rancid and bitter tastes and clotting. One unusual type of bacteria which can grow is called Alcaligenes viscolactis ??? this produces sticky threads of exopolysaccharide in the milk called ropiness.:)Peace
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24292
What is the reason for milk to spoil so fast? Well, it is the very high moisture content, along with the abundant supply of nutrients (so that bacteria can eat and grow!). The pH value of milk is 6.7; this means that it is slightly acidic, but veryclose to being neutral. On top of all these reasons, if the temperature is just right (25-38 C happens to be the most suitable temperature range for bacteria to thrive), milk will spoil fast. The bacteria or micro-organisms in milk belong to three categories; those that spoil the milk, those that cause infections and diseases in humans, and those that bring about natural fermentation (for example, those involved in converting milk to curd). If the milk is spoiled, we do not consume it. So, we do not have to worry about these bacteria causinginfections in us. But what about bacteria in good milk? Before 1930s, milk and milk products were the most important vehicles of diseases such as typhoid, tuberculosis and diptheria. As you all know, we can protect ourselves against this problem by pasteurization of milk.

QUESTION ID: IQLNP0BSVMXYHR2
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I loose weight?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am 15 years old and weigh 107.I gained weight after my parents got divorce, I miss the skinnyme.I want to loose weight in my core, legs, and arms EVERYWHERE.I m also going to go on a diet.But I don t get how to loose weight and burn fat.I have a comunity gym I ve been going to.I don t know how many calories to burn, howmuch to work out.Etc.I would appreciate if you could give me all the informationyou could!Thanks!I know I m not overweight.But I don t like the extra fat I carry.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 52141
stay away from bread, pastry etc.eat meat, veggies, cucumbers, apples carrots,salads with lettuce and tomato and whatever else you throw on a salad no croutons, don t eat after 7pm eat many snacks of carrots ,celery, cucumbers.fruit, etcYou ll not lose for two weeks and then it will began slowly to come off 1-3 lbs a week then plateau for awhile and start again.Babies take 9 months so give yourself the same amount of time to lose  keep walking or join an aerobics group at the gym. At 107 lbs you don t seem too heavy. Get a chart for your height and see what it suggests for your weight.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52142
Your not over weight.I am 15.Your not over weight....
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52143
you really dont sound overweight, at all, but if you truly feel that way the best way to go is running. it slims your whole body down not just certain parts, if you do long distance running. and this might sound strange but Ddr (dance dance revolution) is a great way to loose pounds. i lost like 20 pds by playing that, and you can even do a workout mode if u want on there. hope i helped.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52144
when you find out how to lose weight, let me know the secret please....just kidding...i dont know...lol good luckyou sound like you might be worrying about something too soon in your life..i may be wrong, it wouldnt be a 1st .but good luck dear!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52145
try exercisingand just to let you know, you are not fat. im 13 and i weigh 140 and im not even fat. (well a little chubby, but cetainly not fat)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52147
3500 calories = 1lbMeaning, eat 3500 calories more than you burn in 1 week and you ll gain 1lb. Vice versa. To lose a pound a week, you ll have to be 3500 calories below what you need. Meaning more exercise and a little less food.  You can lose up to 2lbs per week safely. Good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52148
First you could lose one of the O s on loose, that will lose some weight.   Just kidding!Get a book on Calories, Carbohydrates, and Protein.  Make a list of the foods with the lowest Cal s and carbs, design your own meals, or go to your public library and check out some of the different diets books.Most important!  Run, Run, and Run, and when your tired of Running, Run some more!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52149
Okay well what you need to do is get help from your parents. You will need to eat 500 calories less than what you normally eat and exercise for about a half hour each day. Stay away from foods with bad fats (saturated and trans) and foods that are high in carbohydrates (pasta, rice). I know it sounds cliche but eat a lot of veggies and fruits and drink lots of water, especially while you re having your meal to trick you stomach into thinking you have eaten more than you actually have.???Just keep it simple... here s how:-1) Eat more steam food, lean meat, vegies and fruits2) Cut out the junk food, soda drinks and snacks3) drink plenty of water / green tea4) Exercise - look at combining weights and cardio into your program. you can look at alternating upper and lower body exercises without rest, say bicep curls, then lunges , rest and repeat. With cardio, try sprinting 100m, jog 100m and repeat.Here s a review link to a programhttp://www.squidoo.com/burnthefat-feedth...Useful articles there too.5) Have 5-6 healthy meals a day(1 plate portions) to keep your body satisfied6) if you have cravings drink water or eat fruitshere s an article to a healthy diethttp://lose-quick-weight.blogspot.com/20...http://www.squidoo.com/fatloss4idiotsrev...7) have an action plan for long term goals, start off with small goals and increase it gradually over time. Get your parents involved to live a healthy lifestyle and be active. Doing it together is better then going it alone!Good luckYou re probably too young to lift weights, so I would suggest running, jogging, and walking for exercise. You could also rollerblade, bike, jump rope... anything that will get your heart pumping.Avoid foods that are high in sugars: candy, soda, cookies, and other sweets. Also avoid foods that are high in fats, especially fried foods (like french fries and chicken nuggets from fast food places, and potato chips.) Try not to eat a lot of salty foods.Drink milk every day, and lots and lots of water.For snacks, eat fruit, cheese that isn t too high in fat (like cheddar or even string cheese), light yogurt, fat free pudding... Switch to wheat bread instead of white. Eat at least a couple servings of vegetables per day (they ll fill you up but are low in calories). You don t really need to know that much about carbohydrates, etc. You probably already know which foods are healthy and which ones aren t so good. Just use your common sense and don t eat until you are so full you can barely move :) Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52150
The simple and healthy way to lose weight is just eat a balanced diet, staying away from sweets and junk foods while getting a moderste amount of daily exercise. Don t overdo it as it can have the effect of discouragement when you get disappointed with the results. Just realize that healthy weight loss is a slow and gradual process. The best results are obtained by being consistent and patient. Most weight loss programs that produce faster results are not effective in the long run as the weight will be put back on and many times additional weight will also be regained. Just keep in mind that with any weight loss program it is advisable to consult with your doctor or other medical professional such as a professional dietician before beginning any program.PS.... you didn t say how tall you are which is very important to whether or not you even need to consider dieting. Unless you are very short (like less than 5 ) you are not overweight and it could be unhealthy for you to lose weight. Ask a doctor or pharmacist for a weight / height comparison chart to show you exactly what your ideal weight should be.

QUESTION ID: IR2ZZJF27ONGWH6
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I lower my cholesterol level?
QUESTION CONTENT: Hi,Im 22 male, 74kg, 180cm height. Sometime about last year, I went for a general medical screening and had a chol. level of 240. Since then ive been training, eating right, and exercising but when i got another result yesterday, chol.level is 270 with LDL 180 and Triglycerides 205.Yeah its getting worse. So anyone knows any effective ways of lowering my cholesterol lvl ? im quite desperate now. Also, this high cholesterol thing is in my family history. dad and grandad had a stroke.Many thanks in advanceYea they are fasting blood tests. both of them
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 55715
There are spikes off and on of cholestrol levels; when you have stated physical training, let that not bother you. Add omega 3,+ fiber in your diet and continue your regular physical, etc. This is a experienced based answer, and you will lead a quality life, as long as to stick to regular routine of life.Avoid stress.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20263
So here we have people regurgitating the same old low fat no saturated fat propaganda and then someone says that there is nothing wrong with saturated fat. Who to believe? Maybe this will shed a little light; In Framingham, Massachusetts, the more saturated fat one ate, the more cholesterol one ate, the more calories one ate, the lower people s serum cholesterol...??? Dr William Castelli 1992 (Director of the Framingham study, that extensive study of which many contort the results of to promote the low fat anti cholesterol ideas)Then there is the study comparing the atkins diet against other more conventional diets; the Atkins dieters had significantly greater increases in good cholesterol (HDL) and greater decreases in triglycerides http://health.upenn.edu/News/News_Releases/May03/Foster.htmlSo how can this be? Despite all these lambs believing that saturated fat is related cholesterol levels, it appears that is not the case. Here s why;First you need to understand that there is no such thing as blood cholesterol levels. What is being measured are Lipopproteins - High density lipoproteins (HDL) Low density Lipoproteins (LDL) and very low density lipoproteins (called triglycerides for some queer reason)There are two types of VLDLs, those made in the gut  are VLDL B-48s and VLDL B-100s are made in the liver.When you consume fats they are packed into VLDL B-48s and sent either to the liver where they are completely broken down to be utilised, or sent around the body to be utilised by cells As this happens they shrink in size and are then reabsorbed, disappearing completely.So, eating fat can not cause your cholesterol levels to rise.On the other hand, when excess blood sugars are converted into triglycerides, say after a high carb meal, they are packed into VLDLs in the liver. These then have protein molecules transferred from a HDL (Good bye so called good cholesterol) becoming VLDL B-100s.As VLDL B-100s are sent around the body and as cells snatch bits off, they become LDLs, so called bad cholesterol .Still believe that fat consumption raises cholesterol?Carbahydtrates are more likely to raise cholesterol, if it even matters!Oh no I ve been given the thumbs downs down by an ignorant ostrich. How about proving me wrong instead?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45001
Pay attention to saturated fat content, and trans fat content. The fewer grams per serving the better. Also take Omega3 fish oil pills, and try niacin. Eat lots and lots of fiber and drink plenty of water.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45002
Go to my website and click on Cholesterol and Triglycerides on the left side. There you will find basic info and links to more in depth sites. The links are very good.Here s the link to my website:http://medilink-healthlink.tripod.com/index.htmlMy cholesterol and triglycerides are high and I have the other conditions my site talks about.Good luck, you are right to be concerned.TerryTerry
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45003
Oatmeal and oat bran, walnuts, almonds, fruits, vegetables, high fiber foods, fish, reduce your intake of bad fats ??? especially saturated and trans fats.  Look for lean cuts of meat and no more than 6 ounces of lean meat per day. Remove skin before cooking chicken. The American Heart Association recommends eating fish at least two times each week. Prepare fish baked, broiled, grilled or boiled rather than breaded and fried.  Choose fat-free (skim) or 1% fat milk and dairy products. They???re rich in protein, calcium and other nutrients without being high in fat and cholesterol.Unfortunately, sometimes dietary changes  and exercise alone are not always enough for everyone. You should talk to your doctor about adding cholesterol-lowering medications to your treatment plan since your cholesterol is not decreasing.Click these links if you would like more info and also there are some recipes, lowering cholesterol foods, how to lower cholesterol etc.: http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/cholesterol/CL00002http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/heart-healthy-recipes/RE00098http://www.americanheart.org/presenter.jhtml?identifier=516http://www.medicinenet.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=78657http://www.healthcastle.com/low-cholesterol-diet.shtmlhttp://www.annecollins.com/low-cholesterol-diet.htmhttp://www.ehealthmd.com/library/lowercholesterol/LC_plans.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45004
Less fatty foods in the diet, less packaged products with hydrogenated oils, more fruit and vegies, more long moderate cardio. no alcohol, no smoking, no dairy, no fries, no burgers.  Avoid stress, even action movies or sports if they give you a big adrenaline rush.  Too much adrenaline can be as bad as cocaine for your arteries.It isnot just cholesterol.  If you avoid other stressors to your arteries, you ll be ok inspite of it.270 - (180 + (205/5)) =  HDL = 49, I think.  Pretty good.  More chicken breast meat, and other foods with niacin, too, to boost your HDL.My sister and her husband have had cholesterol in the high 200 s for 40 years.  Be interested, but not obsessive.  My cholesterol was about 190, and I am slim and atheltic.  My arteries were almost all 99% blocked and I needed an emergency triple bypass at age 53.  No prior symptoms until two weeks before.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87295
First of all, did your doctor ask you to get a coronary calcium level test?  That is far more indicative of heart disease issues and much more important test.In regard to the cholesterol readings, good readings are about 180 for LDL and over 50 for HDL.  The most successful cultures in the world in regard to heart disease are cultures like the eskimos, some tribes in Australia, Africa, and the mediterannean diets in countries like Italy.  All these people eat lots of saturated fats and no Canola or Soybean oils.  The Italians eat huge amounts of olive oils.  So how come our so called experts tell us to not eat saturated fats and eat all these vegetable oils?  They are IGNORANT.  Simple as that.  They simply have chosen to ignore people that do not have these problems and to listen to the marketing genius of food giants in America that have profit before health as their company motto.Omega 3 fatty acids are saturated fats found naturally in animals like beef from cows feeding on grass, not the Angus beef cows that are fed grain in feed lots like most of the American Cattle ranches in America.  Omega 3 fatty acids are found in WILD fish, not the farm raised ones fed to Americans in most restaurants and in local groceries.  Also, the American diet is loaded with insecticides, pesticides, growth hormones, pills loaded with magnesium stearate, and diet foods and drinks loaded with the garbage sugarless chemicals creating formaldahyde in the body being heavily promoted by soda manufacturers because it is cheaper to produce, not because it s good for you.All this contributes to the 75% of all Americans that die of heart disease.  The reason the chemicals, tainted foods, bad oils like soybean and canola that are now genetically engineered affect your cholesterol so much is that these things compromise your liver.  The liver produces bile and the bile is stored in your gall bladder.  The bile is responsible for breaking down the fats when you eat them.  If your liver or gall bladder are not working properly, you will get problems with your cholesterol.  Combine this with bad oils, you can see why the problem exists.To correct all this, you need to eat good oils, good saturated fats, and stay completely away from the bad oils, bad foods that contain all the additives, sodas that are loaded with sugar or diet sodas loaded with chemicals that create formaldehyde in your liver that it has to detoxify.Eat only beef from cows that eat grass and not grain like Angus beef.  Whatever you do, do not take the Statin drugs and other so called miracle drugs being given to people to lower their cholesterol.  When you take these, you lower the cholesterol in your blood by altering theblood chemistry, but you still have the problem that is causing the issue.  By taking these drugs, you will damage the liver much more, shorten your life, and put huge profits in the drug companies pockets.  Your doctor will be happy because he can hide behind the FDA and drug companies credibility.  Certainly not a path I have chosen and my cholesterol readings are wonderful and I eat a lot of saturated fats (good ones, of course).good luck to you

QUESTION ID: IRVW7SYMJ0ZH7CW
QUESTION SUBJECT: How dangerous can skin cancer get?
QUESTION CONTENT: One of my family members was just told that he had multiple melamona. We don t know what stages, but i was told that it doesn t do much to you. However, I watch too much tv and I heard that it is pretty dangerous.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45227
Malignant melanoma arises from melanocytes in a pigmented area: skin, mucous membranes, eyes, and CNS. Metastasis is correlated with depth of dermal invasion. With spread, prognosis is poor. Diagnosis is by biopsy. Wide surgical excision is the rule for operable tumors. Metastatic disease requires chemotherapy but is difficult to cure.Please see the web pages for more details and images on Melanoma.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45228
Melamona is DEADLY if not caught early enough. It is a fast-growing cancer. I ve had it myself, luckily caught very early because I was already having annual skin checks with a dermatologist. After 2 outpatient surgeries to make sure they got it all, I had to have a full-body CT scan to make sure it did not get into any of my organs, and I will be having annual skin checks and suspicious mole removals and biopsies for the rest of my life.Again, the biggest issue with it is how fast it grows. Just recently, I have read several publications with stories about organ donors who died from melanoma being in their transplanted organs. What happened was, the organ donors had all had melanomas removed many years before their deaths, and had no more problems with it and thought nothing of it. But the melanoma cells remained dormant in those organs, and when transplanted, the immune-suppressing drugs the patient had to be on to keep their  body from  rejecting the new organ allowed the melanoma to reactivate and grow at an incredible rate. Needless to say, they are now advising that those of us who have had melanoma should never donate organs.I could go on and on trying to impress upon people how serious this is, and how being aware of moles and skin changes and having a dermatologist check them can prevent it from becoming a grave situation. I hope for you and your family that your family member has caught it early like me.

QUESTION ID: IT6YAHYHJ1WZ11T
QUESTION SUBJECT: calculus, don t know how to solve?
QUESTION CONTENT: Find c>0 such that the area of the region enclosed by the parabolas y = x^2 - c^2 and y = c^2 -x^2 is 370.c =
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2872
Sketch the curves to see what it looks like.You ll see two parabolas intersecting at (-c,0) and (c,0) Since there is reflection in the x axis, we can solve half the problem, (i.e. Area under c^2 -x^2 and x axis = 185)Integrate( from -c to c)  c^2 -x^2 dx= xc^2 - 1/3 x^3 (from - c to c) (c^3 - 1/3c^3)-(-c^3 + 1/3 c^3)  = 185 4/3 c^3 = 185 c^3 = 138.75c = 5.177
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2873
We know that the curves intersect at x = ??c because we can set the equations equal and solve for xx?? - c?? = c?? - x??2x?? = 2c??x = ?? cSo we want to solve the following equation for c:( ???c??-x?? dx )  - ( ???x?? - c?? dx )= 370  Both integrals from -c to c.  This leads to:(4/3)c?? - (-4/3)c?? = 370(8/3)c?? = 370c?? = 555/4c = (1/2) * (1110)^(???) ??? 5.176994

QUESTION ID: IT7NLUP8DQKF7ZQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I find a local photography club or association??
QUESTION CONTENT: How do I find a local photography club, or association? Is there a catagory I d look underin the phone book, or do I ask at the photography equipment stores? Is there a certain way to get involved in one? Or do you have to be at a certain level of knowledge before you become aware of them? Can you create your own club, and how do you get other members?Thank you, I m just about desperate to find others to talk to about local places to go, and other techniques.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 1506
Aside from yahoo, try meetup.com. They have 100 s of groups with different interests.Most photo groups will hav esome sort of online presence, so a search of photography with your area included shold give you more.Most groups have people of different expereince, and welcome newbys and pros.You can also contact some local studios, and see if they can send you the right direction. Also, college photo classes; parks and rec departments; local art/photo gallery s often have info on local photogs and groups;
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57403
Camera clubs can be a good place to get information about buying a new camera and make friends with some people who will help you learn how to use it.  The Photographic Society of America is a worldwide interactive organization for anyone interested in photography, be they casual, serious amateurs or professional photographers.  Individual, Camera Club, Chapter and Council members are offered a wide variety of activities: a monthly magazine, photo and digital competitions, study groups via mail and the internet, how-to programs, an annual conference and a raft of other activities and services.There are 13 regional chapters.  This is rather wide-spread, but check the list and maybe you will find one that is geographically close to you. Click on Membership and then PSA Chapters to find this list.Even if you don t find a chapter that is suitable for you, the site is still interesting to browse for a while.http://www.psa-photo.org/If you don t find a PSA near you, check with a Mom and Pop camera store in your town.  If that doesn t help, check with your local library and then check with your chamber of commerce.

QUESTION ID: IUGT8JUHAJKTMWH
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why was bush reelected?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 21988
Before I go any further, I will state that I voted for Bush.  In addition, I will do my best to be objective.The simple answer is that he got more electoral votes than his opponents.  But I m sure you want more details.Now, let s look deeper.  There has been a large amount of research on this material.  I would suggest that we look at the electoral map and the Red States versus Blue States.  The red states represent areas where the majority of the people are conservative.  They want lower taxes, strong national defense, and less government.  A number of them have a religious faith and believe that with God s help, man (or woman) can achieve great things.  They believe in hard work, personal responsibility for your actions, and ask for a fair chance to be successful in life.  They know that life can be unfair, but that???s the way life is.  You take some and disappointment, but it helps build character.  Character is doing the right thing when no one is looking.Blue state - these are areas where the majority of the people are not conservative, meaning more liberal.  These individuals believe that the role of government is to dictate a lifestyle to the people.  Some have a negative viewpoint on people with religious convictions.  The mindset is that life is unfair, but they can fix it.  Those who are successful did it because they won life???s lottery.  The role of government is to create a society where everyone has the same chance.Now, let s look at the candidates.When you are campaigning, you have to remember your audience.  You have to keep your message simple and easy to understand.  And most of all, you have to be consistent.Here are a couple of examples.  When Reagan campaigned in 1980 and 1984, he asked ???Are you better off than you were four years ago????  In 1980, the answer was no; 1984 the answer was yes.  His message was that America is a great land, the ???shining city on the hill.???  Elect Reagan and America will be great again.  He stayed on this message.  Needless to say, it worked.  In comparison, look at the 1992 election, Clinton had a message and stayed on message (???It???s the economy, stupid!???).  He was consistent and always campaigned that if he was President, he would turn the economy around.  If the questions were about foreign policy or education, he answered the question and then went back to his message on the economy.  As expected, it worked.  During Clinton???s presidency, the US had the greatest economic prosperity in history since World War II.Both men, Reagan and Clinton, had a message, kept it simple, and campaigned relentlessly on the message.The ability to stay on message was one of Kerry s problems.  He was not consistent ( I voted for the 87 million before I voted against it. ).  He did not keep his message simple.  He would go into great detail of how to make things happen.  And it could be boring.  Most of all, Kerry was more concerned that he had to finish his speech than appearing real.  Best example of this was his acceptance speech at the Democratic Convention.  You could tell that people wanted to yell KERRY!  KERRY but he wanted to finish the speech (as compared to the Edwards acceptance speech from the night before).  Finally, Kerry gave the appearance that he wanted everyoneto know that he was the smartest guy in the room.Bush on the other hand was consistent and kept the message simple.  While he may not have the largest vocabulary, he remembers his audience.  He has the just the facts personality.  And he believes in the MasterMind concept having experts in particular areas surround him.  This is text book leadership as first cited by Napoleon Hill, author of Think and Grow Rich.  Finally, Bush knows he???s not the smartest guy and he doesn t have to be.  He surrounds himself with experts and takes their advice.In addition, there was a strong Hate Bush agenda.  One would hear critics say, Bush sucks. He s a liar. Those kind of statements will work for a while.  But people want a person with plan of action.  They do not want to hear negativity for 24/7.So why was Bush re-elected?  He had a simple message.  He stayed on message.  He never wavered.  Whether you agree with him or not, you can see that he has his convictions and he will not waver.  He stands for what he thinks is right.  In addition, he appeared to be a likeable fellow.  Whether he is wearing blue jeans or a suit, Bush seems like the fellow you could have over at your house and have a nice talk over a glass of cola.Kerry s challenge was that he was not consistent; he could change his opinion due to the popularity of the issue.  His message wavered.  He could appear stiff and not at ease with Middle America.  Finally, more people aligned themselves with Bush than Kerry.  Traditionally conservative states liked Bush???s message and re-elected him.  Liberal states aligned themselves with Kerry.  However, there were not enough of those states to elect him.I realize that I have been long-winded.  Forgive the length of the answer, but I wanted to be objective and fair.Hope it helps!-Mark
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 73328
The headline of a major British newspaper on the day after the election said HOW CAN 50 MILLION AMERICANS BE SO IGNORANT. I think that says it in a nutshell.

QUESTION ID: IVJGSUBM86B5Y3E
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I evaluate the value of the Gamma Function at any arbitrary input value?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5076
I understand your predicament.  For the longest time the only equations I could find were those that related the Gamma function to another Gamma function or to other factorials or limits that are difficult to evaluate or are otherwise meaningless.??(x + 1) = x ??? ??(x)Hows that for useless?  Cant evaluate for anything unless you knew everything before it.Or the fact that ??(x + 1) = x!But only for integer x The only thing I found that is possible, if not difficult to evaluate, is the integral definition.??(x) = ???{0 ??? ???} t^(x ???1) ??? e^t dtGood luck evaluating that... I have found it rather difficult. And calculators can only approximate the value.  The area under the function.Something else you may try??(x) = lim_{n ??? ???} [ n!???n^x]??? [ (x)??(x + 1)??(x + 2)???????(x + n)]But even that, you can only evaluate a certain number of n on paper.Short of guestimating from a graph of the function, I dont know how to evaluate the function
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5077
As the previous person pointed out, the main way to evaluate is through the improper integral that was mentioned.  Anyways, I thought it was worth pointing out in case you didn t already know, the Gamma Function can be evaluated for half integers exactly.  Gamma(1/2) = sqrt(pi).  However, to the best of my knowledge, it is probably not possible to evaluate it exactly for any other nonintegers.

QUESTION ID: IYFLSMHZZCO4I0U
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people get cancer at all?
QUESTION CONTENT: I had leukimea thats why im asking this question
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85637
Cancer is an ancient disease. No one knows why one person will get cancer while another will not. Cancer affects all ages, races, sexes irregardless of diet or health. Cancer is not a foreign object in your body. It is a part of you. Cancer cells are your own cells that for reasons we do not yet know forget how to stop growing. Most of our cells, like liver cells, brain cells, kidney cells, etc are programmed to stop growing once they have reached a certain point (the organ is complete). Cancer cells somehow forget those signals and start growing again.There are many different types of cancer, over 200, and many, many subtypes of cancer. Childhood cancer is considered a separate type of cancer from adult cancers, because the cancer cells affected are usually primitive. Children can be born with cancer. No one knows why. No one knows what exactly causes adult cancers, there are many theories .  . some people think that environmental carcingens are the blame, some think that their bodies are imbalanced , some think that smoking or drinking, or genetics caused their cancer . . but no one knows. Studies that are done are often inconclusive . . because no two people are exactly alike. A smoker may never develop lung cancer . . he might develop a bone cancer that has nothing to do with smoking. A non smoker might develop lung cancer.It is the same with leukemia. Childhood leukemia appears to be different than the onset of adult leukemia. That is why they are treated differently. No one knows why, yet, but there is research going on.Take care. There are always some things in which we mere mortals may never know.The important thing is to halt the progression of the disease so that you may live and enjoy your life. However, if you still have a burning desire to know more about the causes of leukemia . . perhaps this will lead you on a career path. Learn all you can about the disease . . maybe someday you will go into research and find the answers we are all looking for.Good luck, sweetie.  ;-)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85638
Because the cancer causing agents are in the food we eat and the water we drink. I know that people say that there is no cure for leukimea, but a nurse friend of mine got cured by taking emu oil gel caps, 3 a day for 3 months. Its safe to take. One should always consult their doctor before trying anything new.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88114
leukemia is cancer of the blood.

QUESTION ID: J3AL4KRQBTNK0T0
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you manage malignant hypertension?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42653
their are no specific treatments,doctors judge how high the hypertension is and treat it accordingly
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86616
Malignant hypertension is usually defined as very high blood pressure with swelling of the optic nerve behind the eye, called papilledema (grade IV Keith-Wagner hypertensive retinopathy). Malignant hypertension is usually accompanied by other organ damage like heart failure, kidney failure, and hypertensive encephalopathy.This article given below is helpful :BACKGROUND: Activation of the renin-angiotensin system has been implicated strongly in the transition from benign to malignant hypertension. However, the concomitant rise in blood pressure might also have a direct effect on the vascular wall by initiating fibrinoid necrosis and myointimal proliferation. Ascertaining the relative importance of these two factors in this process has proved difficult. TGR(mREN2)27 heterozygotes (HanRen2/Edin- -) have previously been shown to develop malignant hypertension spontaneously and exhibit the characteristic features of human malignant hypertension. OBJECTIVE: Tissue renin-angtiotensin systems have been implicated in the pathogenesis of malignant hypertension. We set out to determine whether inhibition of this system might protect against development of the disease in a rat model. METHOD: Male TGR(mREN2)27 heterozygotes (n = 24) were given a non-hypotensive dose of the angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ramipril (5 microg/kg per day) from 28 to 120 days of age, untreated rats acting as controls (n = 40). The incidences of malignant hypertension were compared. Systolic blood pressure was measured by tail-cuff plethysmography during treatment; tissue and plasma angiotensin converting enzyme levels and renal histological changes were assessed at the end of the treatment period or upon development of malignant hypertension. RESULTS: Sixty-three per cent of control rats and 4% of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor-treated rats had developed malignant hypertension by 120 days despite there having been no significant difference in systolic blood pressure throughout the course of treatment. Angiotensin converting enzyme activities in kidney, heart and resistance vessels, though not that in plasma, were significantly lower in the treated rats. The degree of medial wall thickening did not differ between the two groups whereas evidence of tissue injury (e.g. intimal fibrosis, fibrinoid necrosis and nephron injury) was significantly less common among rats in the angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor-treated group.CONCLUSIONS: Tissue angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition at a non-hypotensive dose almost completely prevented mortality from malignant hypertension and significantly reduced tissue injury in this model, implicating angiotensin II rather than high blood pressure as the principal vasculotoxic agent in malignant hypertension.IT CAN ALSO BE CLASSIFIED AS AN MEDICAL EMERGENCY DUE TO END ORGAN DAMAGE WHICH CAN BE PERMANANT.

QUESTION ID: J4JAZVDWL5ZPOVJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Question here- why do people when they are getting severe chest pains and life threatning symptoms?
QUESTION CONTENT: get on here and ask questions instead of going straight to the emergency room and seeing a doctor? Because with a heart attack every second counts right? My uncle and granddad died of a bloodclot to their heats. But they had no warning signs. So I need to know why do they get on here if they are that concerned for their life that they might be having a heart attack etc than getting to a hospital that will treat them if something is wrong.It could take about 20 minutes of more to get an answer on here, and only less than 5 minutes to die. I do not get it. Any reasons for that?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43265
Because there s no standard by which the public are able to judge the severiy of their symptoms , and subconsciously are afraid of being made to look like hypochondriacs by their doctor. While women are constantly made aware of the need to check for breast cancer, and other intimate things, there s no public awarenes or even a drive, towards similar knowledge, for heart disease, which kills vastly more often. Warning signs such as what to look out for, and checks which one can do one s self, should be widely publicised. Lastly, there s absolutely no doubt that many doctors have an attitude about  self-diagnosis, and will simply say there, there, -there s absolutely nothing to worry about - NEXT! And when you present again, there s an inner groan, - oh, no, ...not you again.. - Unless you re 18, and blonde (or hunky, of course!...sorry! lady doctors....!)So, having been rebuffed, who can you talk to? Yahoo Answers is as good as any place to start, because there are lots of good, expert people simply dying to help and talk, and share their knowledge. That s why.My next-door neighbour (84) is at this moment back in Coronary Care awaiting by-pass graft surgery. She s been complaining about chest pains, jaw and lips&cheeks pains, tingling and pins and needles etc, for months. What has her doctor been telling her? ... Don t worry, ... it s OK,-quite normal at your age. Think of happy things, and relax 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43266
Most people don t drop dead from a heart attack.  Even in fatal cases, about 60% of first heart attacks,  there are symptoms or signs that the person complained of for a range of 2-10 hours prior to going into cardiac arrest from which they did not recover.Taking a few minutes here is far smarter then doing nothing.  Most people are still under the impression that a heart attack involves massive, staggering ,unmistakable chest pain.  Since they are experiencing something much less obvious, they feel it is minor and they have time to ask. And they actually do. Probably 90% or more then call 911 , or are taken to the ER by a family member.  If they don t, a good 60% probably join the ranks of those that won t make it.In my own case, I had about 5 seconds of chest pain that then disappeared, on a Tuesday.  Friday I saw the doctor, and had 5 minutes of chest pain in his office.  He did an EKG, which showed nothing.  He said I had anxiety, and said go enjoy your vacation.Four days later, in NICARAGUA, I began having some massive angina.  A doctor there said it seemed like it could be cardiac related, so he gave me  nitroglycerin tablets and a beta-blocker to take.  I continued with more incidents of massive pain.  My wife refused to allow an angiogram there, since her family new of someone who died during one down there.  They said we d need to wait 10 days for it to stabilize before I could fly home.Came home, but I could not see a cardiologist for tests for two weeks, lovely HMOs. So we went to the ER, had an angiogram the following day, and a triple bypass the next day.Two arteries 99% blocked, the 3rd 80% blocked at 4 places.If most risk factors indicate you should not be having a heart attack or circulatory problems, tests are not usually done, and you are sent home.

QUESTION ID: J5X6QZXLNVW033R
QUESTION SUBJECT: how many weights do i have to pump to get muscles?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6533
Try 80lbs then if your getting the hang of it go 100lbs till 120lbs.Also try Squatting, Benchpress,Push-ups, Sit upsJoggingDo a lot of repetitions about 200 situps 500 pushups (clip wings) [you can stop for the 1st week, but in the start of the 2nd try non-stop]REP on weight-lifting maybe try 25-50 a dayJog around your neighborhood maybe 2-3 times early in the morning These may be tiring but dont worry... it will become your habit everysingle day...maybe in a a span of 3 weeks to 1 month you ll see the fruits of your laborALSO DONT EAT JUNKFOODS and DRINK WATER AND MILK
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6534
let me guess. you haven t reached maturity yet, and you are anxious to grow up.it s not a matter, of just-the-weights.  it takes ...proper....diet as well as knowing how to ...properly...lift weights.  there IS/ARE certain methods NOT approved to do, or you CAN and WILL cause more harm than good.now....as to your question.........................proper weight lifting takes time. and it isn t about pressing 500 pounds every day.it s about moving-up slow and easy. start out with maybe 100 pounds if you can do it....or less......and build up your stamina.....for a time, and slowly graduate to bigger weights.....inside all this......NEVER do it alone. always have a spotter/team mate.and do this under doctor s care.good luck.

QUESTION ID: JA8MCIM5IIWRMHI
QUESTION SUBJECT: How Do I become a Elementary School Teacher and How long will It take?
QUESTION CONTENT: I live in Northern Virginia So I think there is a few more rules then in most places. Any help or anyways I can go to school cheap or for nothing would be most helpful. Im already 24 so the quickest way would be most appreciated. :)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2643
In Virginia you will need to complete a four year degree program. Radford has an excellent Teacher Prep program.I am currently completing a program in Maryland (that will allow me to also teach in Virginia). I have had to complete 12 credits of each: English, Math, Sciences and Social Sciences. On top of my general course work, I have had to complete Child Development and other child psychology courses. There have also been extensive courses in elementary curriculum and methods and classroom management. We have also been required to complete an extensive student teaching experience. The first years included one day of teaching each week every semester. The final year includes one semester of teaching three days per week and one semester of teaching full time.You will also be required to take and pass the PRAXIS exams. I believe there are only two required for elementary teachers - they are trying to reduce tests required to fill the shortage.Within five years of graduating, you willalso be required to complete your Master s degree to retain your certification.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2644
In California, you would first have to get a bachelor s degree (a good major wold be English).  Then you have to take a certain number of education courses to qualify for a state credential.If you apply for a state credential directly yourself instead of through your school of education, you will probably get it without taking all the courses your school demands before it applies for the credential on your behalf.It would be also a good idea to get a job or internship as a teaching assistant in an elementary school.  This kind of classroom experience will help you decide whether or not you really WANT to become a teacher.Harleigh Kyson Jr.

QUESTION ID: JAVYBQX4G0YFYEV
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many years of dental school do you have to have to become a dentist?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am 16 and really think that i want to be a dentist and if you know any good dentist schools please tell me!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77853
Dental schools require a minimum of 2 years of college-level predental education, regardless of the major chosen. However, most dental students have at least a bachelor???s degree. Predental education emphasizes coursework in science, and many applicants to dental school major in a science such as biology or chemistry, while other applicants major in another subject and take many science courses as well. A few applicants are accepted to dental school after 2 or 3 years of college and complete their bachelor???s degree while attending dental school.All dental schools require applicants to take the Dental Admissions Test (DAT). When selecting students, schools consider scores earned on the DAT, applicants??? grade point averages, and information gathered through recommendations and interviews. Competition for admission to dental school is keen.Dental school usually lasts 4 academic years. Studies begin with classroom instruction and laboratory work in basic sciences, including anatomy, microbiology, biochemistry, and physiology. Beginning courses in clinical sciences, including laboratory techniques, also are provided at this time. During the last 2 years, students treat patients, usually in dental clinics, under the supervision of licensed dentists. Most dental schools award the degree of Doctor of Dental Surgery (DDS). The rest award an equivalent degree, Doctor of Dental Medicine (DMD).Some dental school graduates work for established dentists as associates for 1 to 2 years to gain experience and save money to equip an office of their own. Most dental school graduates, however, purchase an established practice or open a new one immediately after graduation.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30796
NYU, you wont want to become a dentist after you find out how much it costs. If you are jewish and arent particularly attractive, its a good way to meet a husband.

QUESTION ID: JBIMA6GPPXMWBH7
QUESTION SUBJECT: Just How Did ANTHONY COLPO Misinterperet The Women s Health Initiative 2006 Harmony - HE DID NOT?
QUESTION CONTENT: You really should get your facts STRAIGHT before attacking Anthony ColpoYOU are the AMATUER.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69708
Razwell - stop adressing me personally that is a no-no.  As for the Women s Health Inititive, it is like you have a filter on your ears, only listening to what you want to here instead of reading and absorbing the entire study results, what they mean, and how they should effect medical practice.  Here is a quote from the conclusion. A low fat dietary pattern may have some potential for reducing breast cancer risk, particularly in women consuming a high fat diet. However, the current findings are not strong enough to make a recommendation that most women should focus on low-fat dietary patterns to prevent breast cancer. These findings indicate that a low-fat diet provided no protection from colorectal cancer and should not be recommended for that purpose. The low-fat diet did not specifically focus on reducing saturated fat, had only a small effect on blood cholesterol, and did not reduce the risk of heart disease. However, the WHI results suggest that women who achieved greater reductions in saturated fat or trans fat, and higher intakes of fruits and vegetables, might experience a reduced risk of heart attacks. Overall, the WHI low fat dietary pattern is not inconsistent with the USDA Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2005 and remains a healthy option for postmenopausal women in general. With only a small effect on cholesterol, it is not surprising that there wasn t a reduction of heart disease.  It is clear that the type of fat is more important, i.e. saturated fat.  This is further supported by the Lyon Heart Study which showed a clear benefit in a  Mediterranean-type diet that contained more bread, more root vegetables and green vegetables, more fish, fruit at least once daily, less red meat (replaced with poultry), and margarine supplied by the study to replace butter and cream.Now, on to your studies.Paul O - didn t have the Circulation back to 1963, so can t comment on this one.Gordon T - didn t find that exact reference but Gordon did write a lot of articles about Framingham.  Here is a quote from one of them. Prospective data at Framingham and elsewhere have shown conclusively that risk of coronary heart disease in persons younger than age 50 is strikingly related to the serum total cholesterol level...The contribution of the serum total cholesterol to risk has also been found to be determined by its partition in the various lipoprotein fractions. A relatively large amount of cholesterol in the low-density lipoprotein fraction is atherogenic, whereas that in the high-density fraction appears protective. (Kannel WB. Castelli WP. Gordon T. Cholesterol in the prediction of atherosclerotic disease. New perspectives based on the Framingham study. [Review][72 refs][Journal Article. Review]Annals of Internal Medicine. 90(1):85-91, 1979 Jan.)Shekelle RB - I am puzzled, why do you think this article supports you? The results support the conclusion that lipid composition of the diet affects serum cholesterol concentration and risk of coronary death in middle-aged American men. Yano K - This was an observational study only, it did not test the effectiveness of an intervention.  It didn t look at cholesterol levels, only type of food eaten over 24 hrs and its association with CHD.  Why reference an article where cholesterol is not mentioned? The negative association with CHD remained statistically significant only for alcohol and, to a lesser extent, total carbohydrate intakes. I think I have pointed out enough holes in your proof that cholesterol doesn t cause CHD.  By the way, amatuer is spelled amateur.  Do you have any idea of how silly you look when you misspell an insult of someone else s intelligence?Out of curiosity, how old are you?  If you are a teenager I will give you a pass on the spelling.  And good job on correctly citing your sources.  This is how it should be done in future term papers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43306
There 18 MORE where that came  from Doc2. NONE of them show any support to the FARCICAL anti- saturated fat / anti- cholesterol campaign.IT IS TIME THE TRUTH CAME OUT.Remember people these are Randomized Clinical Trials some of which were also double blinded Anti saturated fat/anti - cholesterol  proponents have been working overtime MANUFACTURING EXCUSES for the FAILURE of their beloved  false regimen.The only FALLACY ,   Doc2 is the FARCICAL LOW FAT DIET/ anticholesterol campaign.YOU have been exposed Doc2 and Harmony by the research of Anthony Colpo.AGAIN HARMONY yano WAS PROSPECTIVE I CLEARLY STATE THISYOU DO NOT LISTENI HAVE ALREADY CITED THE CLINICAL DIETARY INTERVENTIONTHESE ARE  26 PROSPECTIVE THAT DO NOT SUPPORT THE LIPID HYPOTHESI SEITHER
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43307
Asking a Colpo opponent to get his facts straight? That s rich!!!You should read the community guidelines. (and use the spell checker, it s amateur. )Wow, 3 violations from 3 personalities.

QUESTION ID: JC58RK4Q4XVMDLF
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to be scientist ?
QUESTION CONTENT: hamizan
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70672
Study as much mathematics and science as you can.  Perform a lot of experiments.Go to college.  After you graduate, you will be able to apply what you know about science to making things or fixing things.If you want to do research to discover new knowledge, you need to get a PhD degree.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24942
How to become a Forensic Scientist A person planning on becoming a forensic scientist should realize that forensic science is first and foremost a scientific field. Therefore, anyone entering the field must have a very strong scientific background. The field has moved away from the training of police officers, and moved toward recruiting scientists with undergraduate college degrees and, in most cases, graduate degrees. A forensic scientist must have an undergraduate degree in chemistry, biology, or a related scientific field. Although it is possible to find work in forensic labs with one of these undergraduate degrees, a Masters of Science in Forensic Science (MSFS) degree makes an applicant more competitive and allows for advancement in the workplace. MSFS graduates can find work in crime labs analyzing DNA, trace evidence, drugs, questioned documents, firearms, etc.Forensic science is a field that encompasses many areas. Students interested in forensic psychiatry, psychology, entomology, odontology, etc., should realize that these professionals are merely applying their education and experience to the forensic field. For example, a forensic psychologist is a psychologist first, having the same lengthy education as all other psychologists. Although a MSFS degree could serve as a step towards further graduate school in these areas, it does not qualify a person to immediately begin practicing in these areas. Likewise, entering the field of forensic pathology and performing autopsies requires a medical degree.

QUESTION ID: JC66640C0LNGLJP
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78918
The blue color of the sky is due to Rayleigh scattering. As light moves through the atmosphere, most of the longer wavelengths pass straight through. Little of the red, orange and yellow light is affected by the air.However, much of the shorter wavelength light is absorbed by the gas molecules. The absorbed blue light is then radiated in different directions. It gets scattered all around the sky. Whichever direction you look, some of this scattered blue light reaches you. Since you see the blue light from everywhere overhead, the sky looks blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78919
Scattering of light is inversly proportional to fourth power of its wavelength.(Rayleigh s law of scattering).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88649
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue

QUESTION ID: JE0GKL4B2EW0Y5W
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can boxing be considered a more relevant sport in society today?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1018
More relevant? Boxing is what it is, you either enjoy it or you do not. No one is forced to fight, no one is forced to watch, no one is forced to in any way shape or form care. I suppose I don t know exactly what your question means, but how is a bunch of millionaires hitting a ball with a stick relevant? Or millionaires thowing a rubber ball through a steel ring? When Baseball millionaires go on strike because they need more money, or they threaten to take a team away unless us poor working people pay for a new statium for them, F them. I don t even like the sport. It s relevance to me is it costs me money and I hate it. Maybe if boxing wants to be more relevant, they should charge everyone to watch it... reguardless of if you watch it or not. When people live in poverty, and our money goes to these punks to be over paid to play games all day, then act like they are successful and better than other people, I find that highly relevant. To answer your question as best as I understand it, to be more relevant, they should push it down everyone s throats and make them pay whether they like it or not. Bottom line, to me, sports are completely irrelevant and unneccesary. But if you enjoy it it s fine by me, still pointless.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9397
I guess it is considered relevant just like wrestling, tae-kwon-do,fencing and other sports! It entertains even as some people get hurt. I am not a psychologist but I think many people enjoy watching such sport where noses are bloodied, ears bitten and  physical dominance asserted! In short, there is some sadistic pleasure we derive from seeing others thumped into submission. We have bull-fights, cock-fights, rodeo etc. Hence, boxing also appeals to some primordial pleasures in us as distinctly human. The degree to which we react varies though. There are animals which also live in societies but they do not take pleasure in fights except over territory and sustenance (procreation and food). And even then, others of their kind do not take pleasure in watching those bruising fights for pleasure s sake. But we humans go as far as rewarding the fighters! Yes, boxing as a sport is very relevant in society today because we are a human society with imagination, uniquely endowed with the abilities to hurt, draw blood, and attach value to dominance while sneering at weakness.John Amos perhaps puts it better: The year was 1982, a cold, gray Saturday afternoon in November. I d finished grading papers and didn t have anything better to do. Ray Boom Boom Mancini was fighting a Korean boxer named Duk Koo Kim at Caesar s Palace, and so I watched. A vicious, compact hook from Mancini in round 14 hit Kim flush on the temple. He crumpled and dropped to the canvas. I thought to myself, That s it. He won t get up now. Less than a week later, Duk Koo Kim died in a Nevada hospital. Seeing a man killed in the ring should have put me off the sport for good. Certainly, that fight made continuing as a boxing fan hard to justify. But vicarious violence is addictive; and so I still watched, occasionally, though never again in quite the same way. Boxing is a guilty pleasure. After this fight, watching yielded far more guilt than pleasure.As a kid, I d read and heard stories about the great fighters of the 30s, 40s, and 50s: Jack Dempsey, Gene Tunney, Joe Louis, Rocky Marciano, Jersey Joe Walcott and the like. But they were mostly just names. I knew bits and pieces of their larger-than-life history and had seen a few of their pictures in books. But I didn t quite know what they were about.I didn t really become a boxing fan until 1971, when TV held a tournament of sorts aimed at choosing a worthy opponent for the former champ, Muhammad Ali. As every student of boxing history knows, Ali had been stripped of his title a few years earlier, at the zenith of his career, for resisting the draft and refusing to go to Vietnam ( Man, I ain t got nothing against them Viet Cong, he d said).For a couple of years in the early 80s I avidly followed the career of Sugar Ray Leonard. I didn t like him (another pretty boy, like Ali), but he was undeniably good.Then came the Mancini fight, forcing boxing fans everywhere to confront the ugly truth: that boxing is the rawest, most primal of all sports. You probably shouldn t watch, but once drawn in, it s hard to turn away.Good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9398
I say get rid of the seazinessDon King etc.....peole like that have no business in Pro SportsI am a huge fan of the sport and am tired of it being maligned by questionable descisions(de La Hoya and trinidad) etcClean it up and people will come to watch it
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9399
The problem with the boxer is the superstar status that has been granted so many in the past. The best form of boxing is and still is the Golden Gloves. Young men and kids out to make a name for themselves. Put a million dollar promo campaign behind them and people will begin to take notice. You have to come up with some substantial rewards like paid college tution for championship winners. In other words treat it more like golf or NASCAR.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21411
I think boxing should be on cable a little more so people don;t have to pay so much to watch it.  It also helps if you have a fighter on the pro circuit that is from your hometown.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21412
Boxing is a great sport, watching two people one on one in competition...it make much more sense to me than waching a noisy gas gussling distorted so called car go around and around in a circle..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42568
Boxing used to be a gentlemanly sport.  Proper form, courteous rivalry, and ethical participants were a mainstay.  Then someone found out that by going to the rougher parts of town, they could get boxers who would do whatever it took to win the match, whether it was ethical or not.  With the seedier pugilists came seedier observers, with he result that boxing became a pastime too rough for the more refined of society.  I have attended one boxing match in my life, and as a result, I rubbed shoulders with individuals of the type that I would have called the police on if I found them walking on  my street.  Get boxing back to the professionalism it once enjoyed, and let the brawlers continue beating each other up in back alley bars.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42569
I guess the question is: Why is such a barbaric sport to be allowed in any society? I m a football fan and have been for a long time. Football is just as barbaric as any boxing match. The boxer, whether a he or a she, does not speak for anyone in today s society. They are a person with their own views on how their matches and lives should be lived or fought. There arethose who hated and loved Ali. The thing about him is that he knew exactly what he was doing. Ali put fun back into the sport. He also put a lot of money back into the pockets of those who followed him into the sport just by running his mouth the way he did. Yeah, he knew exactly what he was doing. Money in their pockets was money (and a lot of it) in HIS pockets.When you think of it, how many rugby or hockey players have a full set of their own teeth? What is relevant is questionable for a lot of things that go on in society. There are a lot of people in the world with a lot of likes and dislikes. I, for one, can t understand why someone would want to sit in the stands and watch a bunch of cars go around in circles. But you know, this is what makes the world go around. Some things in life we have a choice and can decide for ourselves what we want and don t want, while other times we like it or lump it. As long as it doesn t hurt someone else, we need things to make us happy. If it makes a person happy to see cars traveling in circles over 200 mph, then more power to those people, and may they enjoy many years of it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42570
Boxing should be eliminated at all from the sport and not allowed. I don t know the person who post the question. but with full respect to your being .  how can you call boxing is a sport when two persons are bunching each other ... where ? on the HEAD.  to the most sensitive part in the body. (you could loose your vision, hearing, and cause a severe damage to internal head. plus, can cause long term diseases, mental  and psychological ones. with all respect to the people who play it. and people who made history , watch it, or support it. it s heart breaking and devastating when seeing a human body is being smashed by another human purposely. we had enough an real world of violence and media full of violence. I cannot think of it a clean sport, not associated with sport even.

QUESTION ID: JEKNEBKIHKMIHZ5
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you stop a community treatment order?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76396
It depends on the following.There are two basic CTO models: diversionary and preventive. In the diversionary model, the criteria for a CTO are identical to the criteria for inpatient committal. The diversionary CTO can be viewed as an alternative to involuntary admission requiring that the person follow a treatment plan but enabling him or her to remain in the community. The diversionary model thus permits treatment in the least restrictive setting: an important principle guiding the structure of mental health legislation (4,5). An example of the diversionary model is the New Zealand Mental Health Act, which directs that the court must ???make a community treatment order unless the Court considers that the patient cannot be treated adequately as an outpatient, in which case the Court shall make an inpatient order??? (6). In contrast to the diversionary model, a patient can be placed on a preventive CTO even though he or she has not deteriorated to the point of meeting the jurisdiction???s criteria for involuntary admission. However, many jurisdictions require that, before a person can be placed on a preventive CTO, he or she must have an established pattern of repeated admissions. Thus, the legal eligibility criteria for a preventive CTO often include a requirement that the person has met a threshold for the amount of prior involuntary hospitalization.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76397
The above answer is correct. How come you didn t award the 10 points?

QUESTION ID: JFP6PIBXDL58XWI
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long does a caffeine withdrawal headache last. It is killing me?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4258
I had this when working in Italy, with frequent vivits to the expresso machine. I suffered - rather like a hangover, until I slept it off that night. Lots of water did nothing to help.I m sorry for you, it is a wicked feeling.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4259
Pl try simple acupressure given below for immediate relief. If it fails you will have to go for Acupuncture.There is hardly any medicine for H/A OR MIGRAINE. Not only these but for RA, OA, Back ache and almost all painful diseases. Hence they become chronic.Acidity, WORRY, sadness, excessive wind, cold , heat, sour food and sinusitis, constipation, intestinal inflammation; drug side effects, stress, bad smell, TV&COMPUTER SOMETIMES, Blockage in the flow of Vital Energy, BODY CONSTITUTION etc are their causes. None of them can be treated with medicine. Our 100% success in treating migraine&H/A confirms it.Acupuncture is the best treatment. I can treat it with naturopathy and YOG, but how can you manage pl see.Pain killers don t treat the pain but we loose the sense of pain for some time; in that duration our body itself treats sometime and credit goes to meds.The useless drugs have tremendous power of side effects like liver/kidney failures, ulcer, inflammation of intestines and lot more. Avoid late sleeping if possible; worry, tension, spicy foods, sour fruits, stale bakery foods, SMOKING and alcohole.Sweet foods, COCOANUT WATER,sweet fruits, milk, rice, SPROUTS, SALADS and good sleep will help if cough is not there. But you try one herbal remedy- two drops of drumstick leaves juice in opposite nostril if one side pains and both nostrils if full H/A will give you rescue. Betel leaf helps but it is very strong. If it is acute pl search a painful point (with round tipped pen/jimmy) 3-6 mm behind your thumb nail and press it, H/A will disappear within 30 seconds.For forehead/eye pain the points are in front of nails on the finger tips or 3-7 mm below.It may disappear naturally too.Source(s):SHREE SWASTHYAYOG TREATMENT, TRAINING&RESEARCH INSTITUTER.H. 19, Jhulelal Society, Sector 2/E, Airoli, Navi Mumbai, INDIA.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7669
headaches off and on can last up too three days with caffeine withdrawal.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69991
I drink half coffee and half decaf.  I get most of my caffine from chocolate.  Maybe if you turned off the computer and rested your eyes with a cold cloth on your forehead and a couple Tyleonl, you will feel better later.  Maybe you shouldn t quit cold turkey.  Take care and rest.  If you feel like killing someone later, get a bat and hit a tree!

QUESTION ID: JGNZVWR0ESY5DE5
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to adjust a 3-9x40 scope?
QUESTION CONTENT: i have a scope that came with my airsoft rifle. I have tried to adjust it, but it doesnt seem like anything is happening. what should i do?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5680
First, make sure the scope is VERY well attached to the airsoft. If it wobbles even the tiniest bit, no amount of adjustment will help.Second, make sure the problem is the scope and not you.  Put up a target at a short distance.  Use the scope as it is set, put the crosshairs on the bullseye, and shoot. Do that 3 times, don t worry that you are not hitting the bullseye, you won t the scope is not set up right yet.  Now, go up to the target and look at it.  How close together are the 3 shots.  You should be able to cover all three of them with the bottom of  a pop can.  If you can t, if they are all over the paper, the problem is you.  It means you need more practice.If a gun s sights are off, a good shooter will still put all his shots in the same place, it just won t be a bullseyeFor normal firearm rifle scopes, one click will move the point of aim 1/4 inch on a target 100 yards away, or something similar. This means to test against a target 10 yards away, you need to do 40 clicks to move the point of aim 1 full inch.Now, realize, you won t see the crosshairs move, they will remainin the center.  You need to set up a target, get as steady as you can, and shoot 3 shots at the target. Those 3 shots should be really close together, from there decide how many inches up/down right/left you need to be. Adjust the turrets the correct amount of clicks.  Shoot again, see if it is where you want it or it needs more clicks
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15212
just keep turning the adjustment rings. If you continued to have problems, take the combo to a gun dealer and he will be able to adjust it for you.

QUESTION ID: JHB5B7HHV45TB30
QUESTION SUBJECT: Has anyone else noticed how much of our society is being consumed by Cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: It seems like everywhere I go, there s a family member or friend being diagnosed with cancer and it is so sad.  Do you think it is because of our lifestyles now-a-days or is it that more people are going to the doctor to find out?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87259
You are seeing more cancer patients because more people are surviving cancer.Years ago cancer was a death sentence. Now there is heightened awareness, more people are finding the disease early, and there are better and more effective treatments. As far as trying to blame our lifestyles . . no one actually knows what causes one person to get cancer while another one does not. There are some identified risk factors . . but even they are not always true for each individual. Not everyone who smokes gets cancer, and people who don t smoke still get lung cancer. So, there is more going on than just a lifestyle factor . . that is only one piece of the puzzle.Cancer can be devastating, especially for those diagnosed with advanced cancer. Current advances in medicine has improved the outcomes of all types and stages of cancer. However, metastatic or stage IV cancer does continue to remain elusive. Metastatic disease is the process of the tumor shedding microscopic or small cancer cells into the blood stream. Metastatic cells than travel all over the body and can lodge in a new location and start a new tumor growth. Although not impossible, it can be difficult to treat and stop this process.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20255
Yes it is high always has been we are just alot better at diagnosing as werll as treating cancer.. I believe we need to look hard at what we eat and consume otherwise i believe its the cause of my cancer also. Also genetics definately is a factor as we progress at gene therapy i believe we will start curing cancer. But then we have overpopulation hmmmm conplex issues isnt it?

QUESTION ID: JI6LSOKX004UKDZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: If natural Selection picks the survival of the fitter/fittest.  Why do we have hospitals and doctors?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29731
we have advanced to the point of being able to alter nature to fit our wants and needs.  our technology can alter natural selectionAMEN! Kaylora, I think I am in love!.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81773
Because in the case of humans, natural selection weeded out the fittest and most intelligent. Man is the only creature that has developed a brain the size to formulate ideas as we do and the physical dexterity to create objects as we have. Some animals have been found to know what plants or foods to eat to ease discomfort, and in very rare cases, they have been observed to take care of the ill in their group. (Mostly apes and chimps, but note that even wolves will lick the wounds of their fellow pack members).Thus, we have hospitals and doctors because we can. Call it natural selection or evolution, but we simply have developed, intellectually and in fine motor skills (thanks to that opposable thumb), far more highly than other animals.Are you thinking that this interferes with natural selection? Quite possibly so, in some cases. Consider genetic diseases such as hemophilia, tay Sachs, sickle cell anemia, and the many disorders such as diabetes, heart disease, and even some cancers, which have a component of heredity. If man had not learned as much medical intervention as he had, would this have furthered the concept of survival, genetically, of the fittest? Possibly. But is survival of the fittest a bad thing for man to meddle in? Of course not! Along with our medical and intellectual development, man has also developed morals, empathy, and the will to do good. Nothing wrong with that. All people deserve the opportunity to have good medical care and alleviation of maladies. Knowing that is part of our evolution. There are many other ways that populations are controlled by nature, such as natural disasters, and the odd new virus or bacteria that pops up occasionally. Consider HIV and ebola. No need for you to fret that man is meddling where he does not belong--he is just doing what comes naturally, using his brain!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81774
Hospitals and doctors are artificial effects in the realm of evolution.  Natural selection is a process the occurs because of the interaction between organisms and the environment.  Since we think, care, and are intelligent organisms we can sometime thwart the natural process.  But even with all the medicine in the world nature will always win out.  We even have the power to destroy nature, so we think, but nature will always find a way back, even if we are not here to enjoy it (extinction).

QUESTION ID: JKFP6RUYDGX7C6S
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does chemical erosion work?
QUESTION CONTENT: science fair project research paper
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69186
Chemical erosion (also called weathering) occurs when rock or other materials are changed into smaller pieces by chemical processes.  These processes include direct oxidation (such as iron rusting), chemical dissolving (such as acid rain reacting with marble or limestone) and other chemical processes.  Some good site to look at are below:
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25090
Through the following processes: =Corrotion.                                 =Disolving.                                 =Some times crysta-                                  lisation.

QUESTION ID: JLK3H0BKJ5T06U4
QUESTION SUBJECT: my wife wants to know  why some children can get cancer and some children don t.?
QUESTION CONTENT: why do some people get cancer and some never do ? just like with children.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 41786
In 1990, I had Hodgkin s Lymphoma, stage 3-B, but I ve survived. My doctors were great people, but they were limited to surgery, chemo and radiation by profitable AMA treatment policy. During the year in treatment, I started learning about alternative medicine. I m a retired engineer, and this is what I ve pieced together--our IMMUNE SYSTEMS become weakened by poor nutrition, lack of exercise and reduced oxygen. Once that happens, our body becomes vulnerable to common STRESSORS. Stressors can be environmental, like viruses, heavy metals, pesticides, food additives, electromagnetic waves or pollution. They can be internal things like emotional or job stress, or poisonous people in our lives. Aging is also a contributing factor. So this means:               WEAK IMMUNE SYSTEM  +  STRESSORS  =  DISEASE  (cancer, diabetes, heart disease, etc.) Our bodies have 60 trillion--yes, trillion--cells, and there are always some mutating into cancer cells, but a healthy immune system kills them before they have a chance to get a foothold in the body. It takes a LONG time, usually, or a high level of stressors, to weaken the immune system to the point where it won t do its job, but once cancer has formed, it will generally spread rapidly.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14317
if we knew that, there wouldn t be any cancer at all.

QUESTION ID: JMFLGDBI2AKHKJV
QUESTION SUBJECT: why high blood pressure cannot be cured?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72275
Hypertension can not be cured because blood pressure is controlled by the heart, arteries and endocrine hormones. Arteries looses its elasticity due to arteriosclerosis. It is an irreversible process. Hypertension is to be controlled by diet, exercise and drugs.Eat a low-cholesterol, low-fat diet. This kind of diet includes cottage cheese, fat-free milk, fish (not canned in oil), vegetables, poultry, egg whites, and polyunsaturated oils and margarines (corn, safflower, canola, and soybean oils). Avoid foods with excess fat in them such as meat (especially liver and fatty meat), egg yolks, whole milk, cream, butter, shortening, lard, pastries, cakes, cookies, gravy, peanut butter, chocolate, olives, potato chips, coconut, cheese (other than cottage cheese), coconut oil, palm oil, and fried foods.Low sodium intake.(Sodium chloride, Monosodium glutamate, Sodium bicarbonate)*Regular exercise.*Stop tobacco smoking.*Stop consuming alcohol.*Reduce fat and oils in the diet.*Obesity - In obese subjects, losing a kilogram of mass generally reduces blood pressure by 2 mmHg. (Abdominal circumference should be less than 100 cms)*Control Diabetes Mellitus.*Avoid worry and stress.*Avoid occupational, aircraft and roadway noise exposure.Please see the web pages for more details on Hypertension.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68913
High blood pressure cannot be cured but it can be controlled..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70439
Who says so? Blood pressure can be cured permanently. One should find out the cause for the BP. If it is related to CAD or mental tension or indigestion etc. Consult a good ayurveda doctor who will check your pulse and find out the cause. Tridosha principle of ayurveda can cure any ailment. There are some good capsules in ayurveda such as Rudved/Cardoved/Suved or Hridayarnava Ras. You may get the details in google.com

QUESTION ID: JOH2CL2E2WE0CTL
QUESTION SUBJECT: Cancer of the heart? Why is that one of the few organs of the human body?
QUESTION CONTENT: which never seems to be affected by cancer? Or am I wrong on that score?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9742
You are right ...its because its a muscle, which is a tissue rarely affected by cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84346
Ooh, you get some interesting answers on this site.The heart is a muscle and it is an organ.The heart is rarely affected by cancer because heart cells are post-mitotic cells.  That means, the heart cells do not replicate/divide to create new cells.  That is why a heart attack is so dangerous - the damaged heart is unable to repair itself because heart cells do not replicate.Cancer almost always occurs in replicating cells.  In fact, most cancers occur in the cells that replicate the most - the epithelial cells that line the gut, prostate, breast, lungs, uterus, skin, etc.Cancers are tumors which are collections of hundreds of millions of abnormal cells that often start with a single mutation in one cell.  That one initiating cell then divides and passes on the mutation to its daughter cells.  As the daughter cells also divide they pass on the original mutation.  Gradually, the growing generations of cells develop more and more mutations, which may eventually transform into a deadly cancer.So, cells must be dividing/replicating for many, many generations before they can accumulate enough genetic damage to become cancerous.  Heart cells do not replicate and therefore, only very rarely can accumulate enough genetic damage to become a cancer cell.Hope this is helpful.  Best wishes.

QUESTION ID: JOHD3MIBCEQHOLC
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i quit smocking?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87949
....by sheer will power.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87950
How do you quit smoking?Firstly, the desire to quit. Secondly, the determination needed to quit. Thirdly, someone else s support. Your first smokeless day should be after a full nights sleep - wake up and decided to quit, cold turkey. It is possible, as I am living proof. The first couple weeks are the most difficult times - you see, smoking was an activity you did regularly, and now you need something else to replace that activity. The trick is to stay busy with other activities that you also like to do - Soon enough, you will not even miss it and will see the financial rewards as well. Additionally, brushing your teeth with a soft tooth brush also the roof of your mouth and your tongue helps as well as drinking lots of water. Just, do it, and stick to it - good luck! -
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87951
You are thinking about how you can stop smoking! The decision to stop smoking can seem overwhelming, but with help from this guide and support from your family and friends, you can do it! Half of all the people who have ever smoked have quit, and so can you. If you ve tried to quit smoking before andit didn t work, you can use what you learned before so you can be successful this time. It can be very difficult to quit, but once you do, you ll look better, smell better, feel better, and be healthierEveryone knows that smoking can cause cancer when you get older, but did you know that it also has bad effects on your body right now? A cigarette contains about 4000 chemicals, and at least 43 of those chemicals are known to cause cancer in humans. Some of the other chemicals are found in products that are known to be poisonous. Some of the worst ones are:Nicotine: a deadly poison Arsenic: used in rat poison Methane: a component of rocket fuel Ammonia: found in floor cleaner Cadmium: used in batteries Carbon Monoxide: part of car exhaust Formaldehyde: used to preserve body tissue Butane: lighter fluid Hydrogen Cyanide: the poison used in gas chambers The hardest part about quitting is breaking the habits that go along with it. For example, if you are used to smoking with your friends when you are hanging out together, it will be hard to hang around with them and not smoke. The best way to keep from smoking is to not put yourself in situations with people who smoke and to stay away from places where you are used to smoking.Avoid places and situations where you normally smoke. Spend a few days or a week away from your friends who smoke. Go to non-smoking places with your friends, like the mall or the movies. Don t drink alcohol. Alcohol will likely lower your willpower and increase your chances of having a cigarette. If your family smokes, ask them to not smoke in your room. Exercise. It will take your mind off smoking, make you feel better, and keep you healthy. Plan activities during the first couple of weeks to take your mind off smoking. It will be easier to quit if you keep yourself busy. Buy lots of carrots, celery, and other healthy foods so you can munch instead of smoke
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87952
It is your heart and your life.You yourself is not worried about your health who else will advice you not to smoke. I am really happy that you have come out with a question of asking how to quit smoking. This is the first and important step for quiting the smoking. I know very well that you will definitely quit smoking at the earliest and all the best for you. Take care of your health. Yours VRVRAO

QUESTION ID: JOOK66EL30YBPQK
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I lower my cholesterol?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75021
Cholesterol is produced by your body and is also present in foods of animal origin. While we could not survive without cholesterol, levels that are too high may contribute to heart disease.  Steps:1.  Keep a food diary. Write down what you eat every day for a week. This is an easy method of evaluating what types of foods you are eating and if they are high in fat and cholesterol. 2.  Reduce your intake of foods high is saturated fat, which will raise your blood cholesterol higher than anything else you eat. Saturated fat is found primarily in foods from animals, such as fatty red meat, poultry skin, whole milk, butter and lard. Plant sources of saturated fat include coconut oil and palm oil. 3.  Cut down on your overall intake of fat. That will reduce your saturated fat intake. 4.  Set a goal of having fat make up 30 percent or less of the total day s calories. No more than 8-10 percent should be from saturated fat. 5.  Replace saturated fat, such as butter and lard, with polyunsaturated or monounsaturated fats, such as olive oil and canola oil. 6.  Choose foods that are naturally low in fat, such as fruits, vegetables and whole grains. They are also high in fiber, vitamins and minerals. 7.  Reduce or eliminate your intake of fast foods. Many of them tend to be very high in fat, especially those that are fried and breaded. 8.  Eat less dietary cholesterol. Only animal foods contain dietary cholesterol, so reduce or eliminate animal products. Avoid consuming more than 300mg of cholesterol per day. 9.  Experiment with new ways of eating. Check out different ethnic cuisines, such as Thai and other Asian cuisines, in which the traditional diet is low in fat. Order pizza with low fat mozzarella, minus the pepperoni but topped with fresh veggies. 10.  Buy a vegan/vegetarian cookbook and try having at least two or three meatless dinners a week. 11.  Exercise. Find a sport you like, join a gym, do whatever it takes to get your body moving. Exercise can help lower your blood cholesterol; it can also help with weight loss and keep your heart healthy.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23752
Lowering High Cholesterol What is normal cholesterolThere are a lot of myths surrounding normal cholesterol, but it s worth taking a lookat what normal cholesterol is. Cholesterol is a fatty substance that is produced by the liver and its job is to: produce bile acids to help with the digestion of fat, build and repair cells, and produce estrogens and testosterone hormones. So while normal cholesterol is an important function of the body, too much normal cholesterol in the body becomes a risk as it can clog up arteries and cause heart attacks and strokes. When levels of normal cholesterol and the other blood bloodstream fat triglycerides, become too high, the likelihood increases that you ll develop cholesterol-containing fatty deposits, known as plaques, in your blood vessels. With time, plaques build up to narrow your arteries, hindering blood flow and leading to atherosclerosis, or hardening of the arteries. When arteries around the heart are narrowed(coronary artery disease) the heart is unable to get the oxygen-rich blood it requires. This increases the chance you ll have a heart attack. And decreased blood flow to the brain leads to a stroke. So it is important to maintain normal cholesterol levels. High cholesterol levels increase the risk of heart attacks and strokesHeart disease claims about 500,000 lives in America each year and high cholesterol levels play a significant role in this major disease. Studies show that with high cholesterol levels, the risk of heart disease is increased by up to 40 per cent. A person s lifestyle, including inactivity, obesity and eating a high-fat diet, can contribute to high levels cholesterol levels. The following factors increase the likelihood that high high cholesterol levels will lead to atherosclerosis: smoking, high blood pressure, Type 2 diabetes and a family history of atherosclerosis.Not surprisingly, high blood pressure and high cholesterol go together. Consequently, untreated or not well managed high cholesterol levels increase your heart attack and stroke risks according to a study completed by researchers at the Mayo Clinic. This points out both a serious problem and a significant opportunity to prevent disease of the heart and blood vessels, says Stephen Turner, MD, the Mayo Clinic hypertension specialist who was in charge of the study. Of the around 50 million US adults having hypertension, researchers found that more than two-thirds of them also have high cholesterol. Only about one-third of the study subjects with both risk factors were taking high cholesterol-lowering medications (primarily statins). and fewer than 50 per cent of those had achieved the recommended lipid levels. It is therefore important for people with hypertension to have their cholesterol checked. According to Dr. Turner, Having both doesn t just add to your risk of cardiovascular disease - it multiplies the risk .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23753
I know the natural way to getting your cholesterol low.First you have to find oil leaf, then you will dry up these leafs.,After dry up , you will boil the leafs in a cup and drink it every morning before your breakfast.OR you can boil thyme.I hope it is working.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23754
Reduce dietary intake of bad fats, (hydrodgenated oils), eat a good diet!  Lots of fruits, veggies, etc.  Take RED YEAST RICE CAPSULES~ these lower your cholesterol naturally.  Get plenty of exercise. Check out the following website.  Good luck!

QUESTION ID: JP6KW4W8LWS5ETN
QUESTION SUBJECT: how much evidence is needed?
QUESTION CONTENT: THe results from the ENHANCE trial have finaly been released. we now know y the delay and attempt to change the endpoint These results are further proof that cholesterol does not CAUSE atherosclerosis.After 2 years those taking Zetia plus Simvastin had 17% (absolute) greater reduction in LDL than those taking simvastin alone (or 29.31%  hogwash relative). Yet, and I quote There was also no statistically significant difference between the treatment groups for each of the components of the primary end point The end point was the amount of atherosclerosis. Also there were no differences in cardiovascular events between the two groups in the trial Reducing LDL by taking Zetia did not reduce degree of atherosclerosis or cardiovascular eventsThis falls into line with the TNT and Japanese Lipid Intervention trials. How much more evidence do people need that cholesterol is only ASSOCIATED with CHD, not a CAUSE.Will you take this pointless drug?Will you prescribe this poinless drug?http://www.theheart.org/viewArticle.do?primaryKey=837243&nl_id=tho14jan08Yes, i know that this wasnt looking at taking Cholesterol lowering drugs compared to not.What it shows, along with other studies is that there is no correlation between how much cholesterol is lowered and degree of athersclerosis. Statins do offer some (re little) protection from CHD, but it does not correlate with lowering of cholesterol. Here both groups took statins and had the same results. The exra lowering affect of Zetia did nothing. Nothing at all!This heavily point to.What little protective effect Statins give is not due to cholesterol lowering.Lowering of cholesterol on its own gives no protection from CHD.On its own it could possible be argued that Zetia has some negative effect on CHD that counters lowering of CHD, but it backs up results from two other trials that gave different doses of the same drug. There was no correlation between loweing of cholesterol and protection from CHD.As I said, how much evidence is needed?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6945
How much evidence is needed to do what? Get the government  to do something about the runaway fleecing of the public by the big pharmaceuticals and their cronies, the doctors, hospitals, nurses, drugstores, etc.? Come on, now... that would take the involvement of the press. They would have to expose the greater medical community for what they are. And we both know that ain t gonna happen. No sir, as long as the public is comfortable in believing that the conventional medical community is omniscient and altruistic (we both know that s hogwash), we are just spitting into the wind. It would be like trying to bring down big oil.I m living proof that diabetes (along with high cholesterol, high triglycerides, high blood pressure) can be controlled by healthy diet and daily exercise. But you know what? I get so much resistance from the naysayers and pessimists BECAUSE they are so brainwashed by the power of the media along with their doctors, nutritionists, nurses, pharmacists, etc. who are equally brainwashed. Does this mean I m going to stop trying to convince people to look outside the box of convention? No, of course not. In fact, it motivates me to try harder.Keep up the good work, man.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15292
It s interesting for sure...it is a scan study so it s difficult to asses build-up 100% accurately. Also this study looked at these 2 meds comparatively since they work differently..It wasn t looking at taking NO cholesterol medicines vs taking cholesterol meds..like many  other studies,which have proven they do help reduce LDL s which is linked to CAD...how much it s linked is still debatable.

QUESTION ID: JPQFU15KVUF5CXI
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do parents choose to home school their children?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7601
I choose to homeschool my child because it gives him a broader opportunity to learn. It also provides us with the opportunity to expand his opportunities for social involvement. No set hours, no set schedule gives us the freedom to explore, nature, sports, recreation, etc.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7602
I home school my children through a public charter school.  I enjoy my independence.  I want my children to have some freedom.  There is no perscribed curriculum handed down from the school, but instead one tailored to their individual needs.  They do a lot of hands on projects with the extra time we have.  They have time to pursue hobbies like piano, swimming and learning Spanish.  But we re done with all of these by 3pm.  I think we all love extra time.Children grow up quickly.  I like mine and want to spend that extra time with them because I can.  Everyone has their own strengths and preferences.  I felt equipped to give them an excellent education and a fun childhood.It s quite fun to introduce them to new concepts and watch them learn new skills.  I m sure any teacher would agree.  They re able to move well above grade level in the subjects they excel at and are able to have extra help in more difficult ones.  The home is a nurturing environment that I can guarantee.On the negative side, I had a less than wonderful experience in the public school system.  I d like to spare my kids from being bored with their work, being exposed to issues and conversations that aren t appropriate for their maturity level and all that goes with trying to fit in with the crowd.  When you re homeschooled your family is the crowd and your family likes you for who you are.  Not much peer pressure, except hopefully, the good kind.I ve had people ask me if I think my children will be properly socialized.  I think if you are a strange person who lives out in a cabin somewhere hiding your children from the world, your kids are going to be weird whether you send them to traditional school or not.  On the other hand, if you are a loving parents who enjoy raising your children and look forward to their productive adult lives, your kids will probably turn out fine whether you send them to traditional school or not.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7603
I would just like to say that Home Schooling is a choice made by parents, and the students do miss having friends and learning how to socialize.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81640
It s like the no best answer option.  They can t find any other solutions, because public schooling isn t the best there is to offer.  Private schools are usually too expensive, and in my opinion, not much better than public schools.Also, homeschooling is a way to raise your own kids.  Sounds silly, but why be a stay at home mom if you re sending your kids off to be taught by someone else anyway?There are obviously tests and requirements, but the education that homeschooling provides can be tailored to the students needs and beliefs.Charles Dickens, Mark Twain, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Thomas Edison, Alexander G. Bell, Albert Einstein, Ansel Adams, George Washington, and Charlie Chaplain are among those who have been homeschooled.  They turned out fine!For additional reasons, visit http://homeschoolinformation.com/homeschooling/why_homeschool.htm.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89105
Several reasons- Could be any or none of the following:1. American public schools are pathetic. 2. The ability for acceleration exists in homeschooling.3. Special needs students (gifted or learning disabled) have a better learning environment.4. Many false ideologies are taught to children as fact in public schools. Just a few reasons...Checkout http://www.gatewayprep.comSince homeschooled kids are just as socialized as public school kids, I see no valid reasons against homeschooling.NOTE: None of these homeschool opponents are half as successful as my my homeschooled friends, or half as educated. That should say something.

QUESTION ID: JRVLCI32OFE5L1V
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you study effectively?
QUESTION CONTENT: how do you study faster and absorb the material better? any tips would be appreciated!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72344
If I know I m going to study later, I make sure that I have glucose and iron-strong foods because they actually feed the brain and make it work better.  I skim through the reading first and look at the section headings so that I know the types of information that I m going to be looking at.  The brain can only learn between 5 and 9 new concepts in a session (this can be helped by chunking related items into one chunk), so give yourself several days to repeatedly rehearse and go over the material if this is stuff you re going to have to know and reuse all semester long.  If you have a test the next day or the next period, cramming will definitely put some of that info in the front of your mind to help you pass the test, but cramming is only temporary memory so if you need it beyond that test, just keep going over it.  Note: it takes about 24 hours for your brain to process information to make it permanent, the more rehearsal, the more permanent it ll be. P.S. Don t just read the words--as you re going, when you learn something new, think to yourself about 2 different things:1. Does this make sense?2. Does this have meaning?In other words, do you get what they re saying, and can you think of a way it can be applied, like an example.P.S.S. If you re still having trouble remembering things, get a study buddy and explain concepts to each other.  Research shows that when you have to teach someone else, you get to understand and remember the information more thoroughly and clearly.Happy studying!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18323
I read through my textbooks, highlighting key points, and then I write down all I want to learn from them. I find it more effective to learn things that are in my own writing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47730
It is a good time in the school year to work on study skills.A few tips are:1. Do your homework first when you come from school.2. Have all of your materials ready before you begin.3. Do not be disturbed by listening to music or having the TV turned on.4. Work on your most difficult assignment first.5. Do not rush.6. Keep a neatly organized notebook that is dated.7. Spend time reviewing that days work.8. Ask questions in class if you do not understand something.9. Go to after school help classes if available.10. Go over test question that were not correct.11. There are excellent free homework sites on the internet. Two of them are www.pathwhelp.com and www.jiskha.comIn addition study the sites below.http://www.d.umn.edu/kmc/student/loon/acad/strat/http://www.how-to-study.com/
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 56929
If you know you have a test ahead of time, study everyday. Repeat your notes three times a day aloud so you can hear it. Don t get off track. Turn off your computer, cell phone, tv. Get away from this distractions! Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 56930
first of all i read everything then i mark the important things with flashy colors after that i start to memorize(after getting the whole idea), i read it loudly while i walk (it helps me alot)~have a nice day~
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68673
Go to a quiet place with no distractions (The library works best for me). Then just kind of take a deep breath relax and just review over the meterial several times. In 7th grade I learned a readin strategy that really helps a lot. It was called SPHQ3R. What you do is you Skim the chapter you need to read. Then you look at and analyze the pictures and the heading. Then you read the questions that are asked at the end of the chapter of you can ask your own questions too. I would reccomend both. Then you read the chapter 3 times. You start with a slow normal read and then the 2nd time you go a little faster and then the 3rd time you go faster but not as fast as the skim. It works for me I still use it today.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68674
Everyone absorbs material in a separate fashion; this is not to say every single person is completely distinct, but different strategies work better for certain people than for others.Flashcards,for example, are good for memorizing more trivial material such as historic dates, vocabulary, and simple math equations. When it comes down to problem solving in terms of math and science, practice makes perfect. The more practice you have with solving math and science problems, the better you ll be when you see one that is similar.As for reading to absorb knowledge (such as a textbook), strategies become less black and white. Some people can skim the a book and get 99% of the important ideas from it, other people, like me, absorb knowledge much slower. Some strategies I ve personally found to be very effective for textbooks and books in general are: (1) making chapter outlines in my notebook (2) reading through the chapter and possibly rereading for clarity - this doesn t make for very fast learning (3) read an outline or chapter summary BEFORE I read the actual chapter so I know where I need to read carefully and where I can gloss through a bit - this makes for the fastest reading.Good luck in your quest for knowledge!--

QUESTION ID: JSFXLM5T34J6BDY
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long does one live if diagnosed to have acute leukemia?
QUESTION CONTENT: My friend has been diagnosed to have acute leukemia.  He was advised to undergo chemotherapy.  I am wondering, what is the survival rate for this kind of disease?  Please advise.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30372
It depends on a lot of factors.Keep your fingers crossed and live life to its fullest!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30373
At present the prognosis of Leukemia has improved,With proper timely treatment  by a qualified ONCOLOGIST/HEMATOLOGIST, patients have the chance to live a normal life span. They have to take care of Infections i.e. upper respiratory....My dearest friend is going through the same and by the  GRACE OF GOD  , he is doing well, THANKS GOD ONCE AGAIN.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82518
Acute Myelocytic Leukemia (AML) M1 - acute myeloblastic leukemia - represents 10% of acute myelocytic leukemia - common in adults - prognosis is poor with survival 6 months to 2 years. M2 - myeloblastic leukemia with maturation - is a subclassification with more maturation observed in granulocytes. M3 - acute promyelocytic leukemia - approximately 10 % of acute myelocytic leukemia. DIC is frequent complication. Patient who survive DIC have a similar prognosis to M1. M4 - acute myelomonocytic leukemia - constitutes 20 % of acute myleocyte leukemia. Prognosis is longer than M1, M2, or M3. M5 - acute monocytic leukemia. This is a subclassification and represents 10 % of all acute myelocytic leukemia. It has a very poor prognosis , 6 -12 months. M6 - erythroleukemia - This leukemia represents less than 10 % of all acute myelocytic leukemia. It has a prognosis similar to M1. Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia (ALL) L1 - most frequently occurring form of ALL (85%) in children and adults. L2 - occurs more frequently in adults. L3 - Burkitt s lymphoma is more often observed in children and young adults than older persons but overall is an infrequently occurring form of ALL.

QUESTION ID: JSG0X5EQ32JGTB7
QUESTION SUBJECT: How important is MARRIAGE to LONG LASTING LOVE?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10071
The meaning of a Life commitment:Here is an article I just recently read about the subject that someone wrote about here is what he said:This person writes about a life commitment:The practice of couples living together before taking marriage vows, a practice that has become widespread, raises all sorts of questions about the meaning and the value of life commitments. So widespread has the custom of co-habitating before marriage become that I find myslef almost being surprised when I come upon and egaged  couple not doing it. A well kept secret is that couples who live together before marriage have less a chance of staying together  after marriage than couples who have not lived together prior to marriage.Philosophically the nature of life commitments he stresses that it is impossible to try out a life commitment. As long as a relationship is on trial, it cannot be a life commitment because a life commitment is unconditional. There are no strings attached to a life commitment, no If or as long as . In making a life commitment, the person is in effect saying No matter what, I intend this commitment to you for for life.He goes on to say that he is always in awe when he witnesses a man and a woman making marriage vows. It never ceases to amaze me he says that the two people can love one another so much that each is willing to risk his or her lifeon the other. In effect wach is tying his or her spiritual life to the other person because the union between the two will be so close that it will influence everything they do. They are no longer two but one flesh.If we imagine two couples about the same age&with the same economic resources, the man&woman living together with ut having taken marriage vows are in a completely different situation than the man&woman who have made vows for life. Vows for life change everything about a human relationship.Living together without accepting the institution of marriage, with its demands on fidelity&its flowering into new lives and new responsibities, along with itsalternating seasons of better&worse, sickness&health does not seem to fit or serve men and women nearly as well as the relationship guided and strengthened by the institution. Marriage symbolizes and supplies something that men and women need to live successfully together. Not the least dimension of this is the imperative to change internally themselves, to grow for the sake of the marriage, that is,for the sake of each other. By undergoing the birth pangs of their better selves s they come to life in relationship to each other with the support and guidance of many instutitions including their church.Mariage both symbolizes and supples what men and women need in order to live successfully together. Marriage makes demands of people.Both Husband and wife are called to change internally. Each is is called to do this for the other. The very nature of marriage  calls people to unselfishness, self sacfice.Both are approaching God with the other, not just during the ceremony but for the rest of their lives...........Deep and powerful words hahaha but so many points well taken By Father Robert Lauder in my Catholic newspaper hahaha wow can t believe you asked this question and I saved this article a month ago to funny Enki BINKI
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10657
If Love still thrives long after you are married, then it is long lasting love.  Marriage can be an obstacle or let s say at least a challenge to love, but if you don t risk it, you may never know how long lasting and fulfilling it can be. There s something a little silly about people who are jumping from one lover to the next once they reach their 40s. If you love someone, you want to build a future together. Still, there s no guarantee it s all going to be smooth sailing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14443
I think that marriage is one s personal decision for long lasting love. Love will last for an MILENNIA AND ETERNALLY FOR SOULMATES ETERNITY. Marriage is...as I said previously...the personal desicion of soulmates.:-)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44901
To me, (although I ve been married), marriage is a legal document, most people you know will approve of it, even though it s losing it s significance, the ritual is lavishly funded. I am not being cynical; my point is that none of these things has to do with making a commitment. The true commitment is totally between you&the other person. It can change with or without any of the above. Love is not eternal, however, look at the divorce rate. If you discover, after living with each other for a sufficient length of time that you aren t compatible, you can simply go your own ways without the cost of divorce,&the feelings of resentment that usually accompany it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44902
To me marriage is a spiritual vow that a couple makes to oneanother to be all that the other needs, and to vow their eternal passion, love, committment, support, and true friendship. It is not a piece of paper. Many I know have a spiritual ceremony with no paper involved and they have the most wonderful marriages I know. One couple in particular have been passionately in love for fifty years. It is the strength of the love and the willingness of the two people to come together as one, to combat the negativity, the growth of both as we are ever evolving,and the addition of other members..The true key is to marry someone who is your friend, your ultimate sexual mate *completely passionate*, your partner in crime, your laughing buddy, someone who will be reciprocal of the things you love to do, supportive, be completely open and communicative, and a person with whom you have that special connection which you can not live without for one day. Those are the true keys to long term committed relationships, the paper can be burnt, torn, tattered, blown to bits...but the love is the lasting flame of fire which drives the passion behind the vow, protect the flame and fan it when it wanes, and you will have the ultimate of passionate loves.Blessings and love,Sassy
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44903
I will assume you mean Humans. As some animals can formed long lasting love bonds too.    A marriage must have solid foundations if it is to last and be satisfying. Otherwise, the stress experienced after the wedding can be much greater than the stress before it. Marriage is a commitment--those who are not true to their commitments should not marry in my view.  Some have had marriages that were arranged in this world-that you could call successful without long lasting love (but  not totally satisfying)   Commitment to one does bring a unique feeling that throughout time it has continues to be a sought for goal and treasured by many.   So yes , it is very important if you desire both success and satisfaction in your love life-people love a special bond--seems few things have been able to replace the joy found by those who have found a true commitment to it.. and are enjoying what so many seek. There is another side--I might have long lasting love for a family member or a special person who I do not accept as a mate but never the less will love with all my heart in a different way.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55652
Really important. If there were no complication as marriage, people wouldn t even bother resolving the conflicts. They just simply separate. You should learn conflict resolution and be able to handle difficulty. There is no legal bond when you are having a long lasting affair. That makes people have no commitment. If you want your love to last for eternity, especially to somebody you are sure about, you should be able to handle the differences. Those differences make you separate and also make you adore each other.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87266
I believe that the question is the wrong way round, it should be How important is LONG LASTING LOVE to MARRIAGE? . In such a case the answer would be it is one of the few thing important to it.Marriage, before it became a legal and fincial institution, was the symbol by which the world knew that the two people bound by the bonds of marriage were in love and had great love for each other. Marriage today is nothign more than a legal binding of two estates.Hope this helps.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87267
Not at all.  In some ways it diminishes the chances, because marriage invokes expectations - and lasting love has none, but merely glories in what it has, and what it gets.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87268
not important at all most of the times. and you re hearing this by a 19-year-old girl! most girls my age, dream of marriage as a fulfilment to their love and the love of their boyfriend. even if they might pretend that they don t care, or say nothing at all, evey girl since the age of 4 is dreaming of the prince with the white horse. and we ve all heard that the wedding day is the happiest day in a girl s life! but what s the happiest day in  a MAN S LIFE? i ll tell u something i ve heard once and i liked it: the church, not being able to abolish love, it tried at least to purify it. so it come up with marriage! i think baudelaire, said it and i totaly agree!while, einstein had said that marriage is the unsuccessful effort to make an event last longer...i may sound too definite, but hey! it s just my point of view...

QUESTION ID: JSUMP3R646CHXJS
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why should homeschoolers have to suffer from social rejection?
QUESTION CONTENT: They are people. They are educated just as kids going to public school are. The pros are that they do not have to sit in a chair all day, they can work at their own pace, and they are safe from drugs, physical and verbal abuse.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 41201
Although I understand what you are saying, I must point out that my children, nor I, suffer from social rejection.Are we criticized? yesAre we judged? yesAre people hostile or angry toward us? yesAre we made fun of? yesDo we suffer? no.It makes us stronger.My favorite quote (non biblical) is by Walt Whitman:Have you learned the lessons only of those that admired you and were tender with you and stood aside for you?Have you not learned great lessons from those that braced themselves against you and disputed passage with you?Haha, you know you ve really lived when you ve had to walk that one out.Don t suffer doll, learn from it and grow stronger.Then you will be unstoppable.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10575
Mine don t.  If anything the other kids we know who go to school are veeeerrrryyy jealousof mine and wish they were home-schooled, too.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10576
I totally agree with you
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41202
 People make friends in school and if you are not in school with them you can t make friends with them. And why should that be? If those public school kids are so well socialized, shouldn t they be eager to meet and make NEW friends, not just hang out with the same 30 people they ve been friends with all their lives??  Hmmm... The cons to home schooling--in life you rarely get to work at your own pace Really? In my real world I do indeed work at my own pace - and in fact I don t have a teacher/boss standing at my shoulder or a bell ringing. I had to learn to pace mySELF and not keep looking to a superior/boss to do it FOR me. In fact the strong self-motivation I have has helped me to be very successful. and work in the real world often does involve sitting in a chair all day--if you are lucky! Maybe you consider sitting all day to be a lucky thing. I work in a laboratory environment and I am up and moving all day and rarely sitting. Perhaps you haven t had a lot of exposure to a wide variety of career choices? But physical abuse and verbal abuse happen in the real world every day and it helps to learn how to deal with it when you are 14 rather than to encounter it for the first time in your life when you are 24. If you first encounter it at 14 in public school you must be a very late bloomer. In my experience as a teacher it often starts around age 6 or 7. If the kid doesn t have someone teach them how to dealwith it other than other kids their age, what kind of coping skills do they learn? Fighting? Being equally mean back?   Homeschoolers encounter all types of people all the time, but they happen to have a lot more contact with adults who already have positive social skills, and can model them, as opposed to monkey-see-monkey-do. If you are a homeschooled student or parent of a homeschooled student, don t be discouraged. While there are certain stereotypes and misconceptions about homeschooling, they can be overcome with increased interactions in the school community. LOL - yes, because in your very narrow world, the school community is the real world . Guess what? It is NOT. Homeschoolers live in the real world right from the beginning and get actual socialization (instead of fake socialization ) right from the beginning. Look - I raise puppies for the Seeing Eye. One of my main jobs is to socialize them. That is NOT defined as going to the same place with the same 30 other dogs every day. It is taking the puppy out to many different places and meeting with a vast array of people and experiences. Just like I do with my homeschooled children. They can and do have sleepovers with their similar age peers, but they also aren t afraid to speak to someone they don t know, speak to adults and much younger children. I think they are well prepared to be successful in the real world they ve always lived in.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41203
I really don t know why some people reject homeschoolers socially. I read the answers and some people think this doesn t happen, but it does. I know one girl who had been hanging around with a few other teens (non-homeschooled teens) regularly for a few weeks or so and they were becoming friends. As soon as they found out she was homeschooled, they stopped hanging around with her. ?? It makes no sense and I can t even come up with the most remotely plausible reason for it.ADDED: I missed this one the first time I read through the answers: They should also be bought some of the latest styles of clothing, You ve GOT to be kidding me!!!! Not bowing down to the latest fashions is a huge plus imho for homeschooling. I do NOT want my 9yo dd dressing like the tarty girls I see around some of the public elementaries here. They re trying to look like teens, who are trying to look all mature and sexy. Thanks, but not thanks.SECOND ADDITION: It s better to be abused for the first time at 14 rather than at 24???? How is THAT? A 14yo does not have the wisdom, sense of confidence or a multitude of other things that a 24yo likely has. A 24yo is far more psychologically able to handle abuse--provided they HAVEN T been severely abused before--than a 14yo.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41204
My kids never felt any social rejection from being homeschooled.  In fact, they had more free time and we were able to go on many field trips as a family.  We also joined many community volunteer things including little theater, helping at the library, food drives, clean up campaigns, and clothing drives. My son was in seascouting for 5 years, he socialized with teens from 14-18 years old.  He is now graduating with his Bachelor s degree in computer science. While my daughter just took home schooling for high school, she was also involved in community volunteer work and right now is taking online courses with Cornell and working a great paying job. She lives on her own and has a new car.  Nobody asks her where she went to high school as long as you do your job its not a big deal.Anyone that tells you they are facing social rejection isn t doing homeschooling right.  Kids can still join all the regular things like sports, theater, FFA, dance you just use the community center for those activities instead of it all being centered at the school.My grown kids are much more mature, they never got into drugs or in trouble with the law.  I think they have great self esteem, they also can talk to adults easier than most young people do who have hung around their peer group acting like adults are out to get them .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41205
I m not exactly sure what you mean.A. Our family has never experienced rejection... lots of questions and curiosity but not rejection. In fact they are usually told by their peers how lucky they are!B. If you are referring to people who aren t sure about it, grumble, etc than I have found it s usually a lack of education on their part as to what homeschool really means; or a lack of the ability to think for themselves about a subject - often they themselves are a product of the ps, or teachers, or have been indoctrinated about socializaton and haven t taken the time to really consider the matter for themselves.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41206
I know what you mean...When I first meet people, they think I m great. How smart, how well-adjusted, how literate, a little quiet, her interests are a little off the beaten path, but that s fine. Then I have to drop the H-bomb. All of a sudden people make all sorts of nasty assumptions about me. My natural quietness is some kind of oppression, my intelligence is the result of being forced to sit in a closet all day memorizing the encyclopedia, my social skills are an illusion, my literacy is a joke, and my somewhat weird interests are the result of being sheltered.It pisses me off to no end, especially since my life is more realistic than school.All my friends in school have it really cushy, and they won t even admit it. Everyone s always on their case for them to get their work done, and will bend over backwards to make sure it s done. All your teachers make you do your classwork, then your parents make sure you do your homework, and you just spend all your time blowing off the opportunities and hanging around with your friends, complaining about everything and everyone. My education is in my hands. I want to be a physicist, so I have to work towards it. My parents will set me up with whatever I need, get me the books, sign me up for the classes, and so forth, but if I blow it all off, then I m just screwed.That s a bigger dose of reality than all these assholes blowing off their responsibilities because the school has to keep them until they turn 16.Sorry for the rant.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41207
What is this social rejection BSDon t you have friendsIf not, tell your parents PART OF THE HOMESCHOOL process is going to the PARK or the MALLYou go to the mall, find a partner and kissThat s sociliazation.Taht s pleantyYou go to the parkYOu get into a one on one basketball gameTaht s socialization.Do you REALLY want someone throwing paper balls at the back of your headThat s schoolGo to the mallFind the same sex hanging around and talk to themFind the opposite sex, talk to them and fool around and kiss and hugThat s socialization.You don t NEED school for thatYou just need handsYou touch themThey touch youYour parents say HEY NOWAnd WHAMYou re in HIGH SCHOOLBecause that s EXACTLY what a TEACHER or VP would say!Get the pointGo to the mallHang aroundSMILETALKLet someone tocuh or you touchWAIT for someone to saySTOP THAT TOUCHINGAND WHAMYou are in HIGHSCHOOLand if they take you home and say you can t come backThat s DETENTIONWHAMYou re in HIGHSCHOOLGET THE POINTYou re a guy squeeze her backsideYou re a girlLet him sqeezeWait for Mommy or Daddy to drag you awayandBAMYou re in HIGH SCHOOLThen go home and homeschoolGET THE POINT!Socialization is about you TEXTING your best friend and saying I GOT A PIECEor HE FELT ME UP FRONTAnd THEN MY DRAG AS S RENTS DRAGGED ME HOME and said I can t got back there for a WHOLE month cause they caught me with HIM/HERCONGRATSYou re a HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTWITH HONORSNow, hit the books!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41208
I get what you re saying, but most homeschoolers are not Socially retarded as many people think. This only happens if the parents keep them locked up in the house. (Which doesn t happen with most) Of course they will have no social skills.BUT there are very few homeschoolers like that. We have groups and meets to socialize with others. We have classes we can take, such as art, by certified teachers. Our classrooms, unlike puplic schools, aren t stuffed with 40 kids per teacher. That isn t socializing, anyway. From personal experience, I think homeschoolers actually have better social skills because they tend to be more polite and respectful. Public schoolers are obsessed with trends, whats cool and what not, they need peers to know how to act. I have public schooled cousins and they tend to be rude, awkward and disrespectful. Especially towards people they don t know. They just don t know how to act. The school system doesn t teach them that. They have too much busy work to build character. (I m speaking about my cousins. I m not trying to make a generalization because I don t know everybody who goes to public school.)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41209
Maybe if they said good things when they dressed up  like someone else, they wouldn t be rejected.  The Kraft of Witchcraft is not an acceptable thing to study when you are going to utter the same retarded phrases as you always did when you are doing your witchcraft.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41210
Its not really rejection.  People make friends in school and if you are not in school with them you can t make friends with them.  The cons to home schooling--in life you rarely get to work at your own pace and work in the real world often does involve sitting in a chair all day--if you are lucky!  Being safe from drugs is good, thats definitely true.  But physical abuse and verbal abuse happen in the real world every day and it helps to learn how to deal with it when you are 14 rather than to encounter it for the first time in your life when you are 24.  The excessive sheltering is not good.

QUESTION ID: JU02AVC030EOLCL
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do we know if we have breast cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: how do we know if we have breast cancer?..i have a few pimples near my nipples...and around my nipples are like cracking..will i have breast cancer??...what should i do?i m 16 by the way..
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86546
If you are really concern, go and see your doctor. Don t wait. Early detection is the key.  Family history is also important.  Unfortunately some of us are born with the cancer gene.  I heard or read somewhere 80% of mass or cysts are benign.  It probable nothing to worry about but get it check out to ease your mind.  The worst parts are the unknown and waiting.What is breast familiarity?Breast familiarity refers to knowing how your breasts usually look and feel. You can do this by paying attention to changes to your breasts, such as:Development of a lump Change in size or shape Irregular thickening of breast tissue Nipple discharge Skin redness or warmth Dimpling or skin texture similar to an orange peel Retraction of the nipple or area surrounding the nipple (areola) Performing regular breast self-exams is one way to increase your familiarity with your breasts and help you detect changes in your breast tissue.Most breast lumps aren t cancerous. Yet the most common sign of breast cancer for both men and women is a lump or thickening in the breast. Often,the lump is painless. Other signs of breast cancer include:Signs of breast cancer:A spontaneous clear or bloody discharge from your nipple Retraction or indentation of your nipple A change in the size or contours of your breast Any flattening or indentation of the skin over your breast Redness or pitting of the skin over your breast, like the skin of an orange
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42428
The only way to find out for sure is to see a doctor and get a mammogram done.  Chances are high that you are perfectly fine, but get it checked up soon.  Putting it off only causes more damage in the long run if it does turn out to be cancer.

QUESTION ID: JUC5AQWB7RHJ14C
QUESTION SUBJECT: i will appreciate anyone who tell me the reason why metals have malleability?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73672
Metallic bonding is the bonding within metals. It involves the delocalized sharing of free electrons between a lattice of metal atoms. Metallic bonding is the electrostatic attraction between the metal atoms or ions and the delocalised electrons. This is why atoms or layers are allowed to slide pass each other, resulting in the characteristic properties of malleability and ductility.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22323
Gold is perhaps the very best example of malleability.  A pure gold coin for example can be beat thin enough to gild a horse with gold foil which depends on the size of the horse and coin<G>.  The reason is that while the gold atoms attract each other they can be overcome with little force.  Pure gold is 24K (Karat) and is usually alloyed with another metal (perhaps silver or copper or both to obtain desired color) to 50% gold or 14K which is less soft and more durable and therefore more suitable for jewelry.  10K jewelry is also common.  Consider an even softer metal, mercury, which easily coats other metals such as gold or silver or copper, amalgamating them and causing them to embrittle.  Mercury is the extreme of malleability, never get it on your ring.  Also consider that pure iron is quite malleable but may be turned to very tough steel by adding very small quantities of carbon (carbon steel) or chrome (stainless steel).  The additives affect the size of metal crystals when they freeze and also deposit hard material between crystals that make the steel hard and brittle (cast iron).  Therefore, some pure metals exhibit malleability because their molecules can slide over each other when worked, including complete slip planes within frozen crystals.  Many metals can be heated (cherry red?) until they are soft enough to be worked.  Other pure metals such as tungsten (light bulb filament) and titanium resist malleability even at high temperature.  Your great question is the major concern of many metallurgists.

QUESTION ID: JUS4BFPOZ8PHHNO
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you respond to someone that does not believe in biological evolution?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79067
I would try this. I wrote it for something else, but feel free to use any of the talking points you want.===================================================Back in the 1770 s, when democracy was making its debut as a form of government, some people didn t think much of it. They thought monarchy - rule by a king, preferably wise and noble, but a king of some sort - was the natural form of government. They pointed to King Solomon, in the Bible, as an example. He worked out pretty well. Most of the nations in the Old Testament were ruled by a king. If it was good enough for them, it was good enough for us.One of their arguments took exception to Thomas Jefferson s immortal line, All men are created equal . Nonsense they said; any fool can see men come in different sizes, shapes and colors. Some are smarter than others, some are braver than others, some are stronger than others. They are certainly not equal. End of argument - long live the King!To take another example, Gilda Radner used to do a skit on the original Saturday Night Live TV show in which she completely mis-understood something. One night she argued passionately against the Deaf Penalty for three minutes. When she finished, Jane Curtin said, That s DEATH penalty , and everyone laughed. Gilda looked foolish, which was her intent.I am not a closet monarchist, nor am I in favor of a penalty for being deaf. I do believe, however, that if you are going to argue about something you should first understand it. If you do not, you will look as foolish as those monarchists who thought all men are created equal meant we were all exactly six feet tall.Understanding is not the same as believing. If you were to study 20th century European Politics, you d have to understand socialism, communism, fascism, constitutional monarchy, monarchies without a constitution and parliamentary democracy. You would not be required to believe in them. Indeed, to take an extreme example, if you tried to be a passionate believer in both fascism and communism as the single best form of government, your head would explode.Your arguments show that you haven t studied evolution, or, if you have, you skipped some chapters. If you want to argue intelligently against the theory of evolution, you would do well to understand it first. You don t have to believe it; but, unless you want to appear as foolish as Gilda Radner did arguing against the Deaf Penalty , you should understand it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27245
tell them its not evolution but divine intervention (genetic engineering, from wild to domesticated?)a somewhat controversial issue I think
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48712
you have to tell them why you believe in evolution. which can be baffling as there are large holes in that perticular theory.

QUESTION ID: JVW7Q5UNIKSLMK7
QUESTION SUBJECT: I am 33 y.o. just diagnosed with mild MVP... how will i manage it? and how could i manage my nervousness?
QUESTION CONTENT: i easily got nervous and thinking of weird things about MVP. I am afraid of my condition eventhough my doctor told me i have a mild case.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86181
It is perfectly normal to be anxious with this condition. Avoid triggers that can make it worse such as caffeine, fatigue. Exercise if ok with docotor at least 30 minutes daily to increase muscle function of the heart.Keep blood pressure under control. You did not say if there was regurgitation or not. If there is you need an echo at least yearly otherwise every two years is fine. Always get an antibiotic prescripton prior to anything invasive such as dental cleanings. This is to prevent bacteria from entering the bloodstream and causing endocarditis.MVP is a very common disorder that many people never know they have. Good luck and by following these rules and your doctor s advice you will be fine. There is a national MVP support group that you can find online. Let me know if I can help any further.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71907
The best way to deal with the nerves is to educate yourself.  Lots of people probably have MVP and walk around their entire lives without even knowing it or having a problem.  The mitral valve just regulates the flow of blood into the atrium from the ventrical, it s a valve.  In your case, yours leaks a little.  There is still nothing major wrong with the pump itself.  If you feel the flutter or skip, you can remind yourself that you know the cause and you already know it s not something serious.  In a lot of cases, people are diagnosed when the doctor is lucky enough to actually hear the click murmur because he s listening at the right time and place.  Otherwise, they wouldn t know anything was wrong at all.  Since yours is mild, you really have very little to be nervous or concerned about.  You will need to have it checked once a year, just to keep it monitored, and tell the dentist about it before he does work.  That s only because he will be using Lidocaine and that can sometimes set a flutter off.  If he knows about it, he can look out for it.  Otherwise, you probably won t notice much of anything.  If you would like more information, make a list of your questions and concerns and go ask your doctor directly.  Or you can contact the American Heart Association and they can give you more info as well.   But in the meantime, relax.  You have a slightly leaky pump.  If you had the same leak on the kitchen faucet, you wouldn t even notice a difference in the water bill.  You certainly wouldn t call a plumber to rip out the whole works, and you wouldn t worry much about it either.

QUESTION ID: JWGFUSGEF1NQ3NB
QUESTION SUBJECT: How fast does Basal Cell Carcinoma spread if the doctors report came back deep ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84303
Basal cell carcinoma (BBC) is the most common skin cancer. It can be destructive and disfiguring. Risk is increased for individuals with a family history of the disease and a high cumulative exposure to UV light via sunlight or, in the past, carcinogenic chemicals especially arsenic. Treatment is with surgery, topical chemotherapy, x-ray, cryosurgery, photodynamic therapy, or topical immune enhancement drugs such as imiquimod. It is rarely life-threatening but if left untreated can be disfiguring, cause bleeding and produce local destruction (eg., eye, ear, nose, lip).The spreading of the disease depends on the stage and grade of the disease. If it is in stage III or IV it will spread faster. Grade is the spread or rate at which the cancerous cells split or multiply. This is to be analyzed microbiologically from the Slice taken from Biopsy of the affected portion. Here also Grade III and above are dangerous.Any way the best person is your oncologist who is on the spot and he will only be able to asses the position and give proper treatment. However Basal Cell Carcinoma is not a very serious kind and it will not have very adverse effects and can be cured by proper medication andfrequent check ups by your oncologist
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34547
The major problem with a basal cell carcinoma described as deep is the amount of skin or tissue that will now have to be removed to eliminate the cancer and reduce the chance of recurrence. If the BCC is on your face you might need Moh s surgery to reduce the scarring while still curing the cancer. Chances of spread inward are very small with BCC but chances of recurrence or disfigurement rise if the cancer has grown unchecked and is deep. See a good dermatologist and have the cancer removed ASAP.http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/000824.htmhttp://www.mohscollege.org/AboutMMS.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45807
Don t ask us...every cancer is different...call your doctor!

QUESTION ID: JXQVORJYARBD8AY
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does one go about in using a penis pump?
QUESTION CONTENT: please give me precise details after you insert penis and pump?do you keep pumpin and if you do how long?or do you hold it in its pumpd postion?how long?please helpthanks alot!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 62867
Same answer as with a turkey fryer:  The only safe way to use one is not at all.  Except penis pumps won t help you out with anything, your penis cannot be changed by any method other than actual surgery, whereas a turkey fryer actually fries a turkey.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4395
Michael J.... i have experience with the prescription ones you buy. Make sure you shave and remove all hair at the base of the penis, so that you will not have an air leak. Take the tube and apply a generous amount of gel such as ky around the edge inside the tube after you have slid the rubber band over the outer edge to slide off on to the erection once you have pumped the blood into the penis. Once you have done above as said insert the penis into the tube, and push the tube against the skin area at the base of the penis then start pumping. Pump until you have reached the point where it is it s fullest, if it is starting to hurt release a little air, then slide the rubber band off the outside of tube on to the base of the penis. Use different size bands so you will know which one is the best suited for you. Don t over pump because you will do more damage that will be irreversable to the penis. And don t leave the band on to long. If the penis is really starting to hurt, or getting really dark blue take off the band. This will help a little for some men. I had to use it just to keep blood supply to the penis after a bad accident so they would not amputate my penis. I never achieved an erection at anytime, but because i was faithful with the pump and kept the penis supplied with blood, I today have an implant after many penis surgeries, and loosig my testicles. These units have a lot to be said for them, but they are not for enlarging the penis, or power pumping, as some sites suggest. The men that do that are sick, and have head problems other then between their legs. Please listen from some one who has lost inches and been since 84 fighting to keep from losing his penis. Just this last March i had my prayers answered. They have a purpose, and when used properly, they can be helpful. Good Luck! Keep plenty of KY on hand you may need a lot if you are like me. I should say if you are considered large and have a good girth such as i even with all i ve been through, you will find uing more KY on the entire shaft will be much more painless. Good Luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62868
dont use it, they damage the blood cells in your penis, and they dont actually make ur cock bigger, in escence they make ur penis smaller, because they take out the air pressure making your penis swell, but when u take it off, your penis will go back to its normal size if not smaller

QUESTION ID: JZFKXCF7VHGKDHU
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are wedding rings worn on the left hand?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73238
 Before medical science discovered how the circulatory system functioned, people believed that a vein of blood ran directly from the fourth finger on the left hand to the heart. (This belief allegedly dates to the 3rd century BC in Greece.) Because of the hand-heart connection, people named the putative vein descriptively vena amori, Latin for the vein of love . Due to this tradition, it became accepted to wear the wedding ring on this finger. By wearing rings on the fourth finger of their left hands, a married couple symbolically declares their eternal love for each other. This has now become a matter of tradition and etiquette.In most Western cultures, the wedding ring is worn on the left hand. In some countries, however, such as Germany, Norway, and Chile, it is worn on the right hand. Orthodox Christians, Eastern Europeans and Jews also traditionally wear the wedding band on the right hand.Etiquette frowns severely on the making of sexual overtures to a man or woman wearing a wedding ring. For wedding invitations, be sure to check out http://announcements.com They have a huge selection, and usually ship within 2 business days.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21876
Tradition says a vein from this finger runs directly to the heart, putting a ring worn here closer to the heart than a ring worn on any other finger.

QUESTION ID: K17K3G7B7GY1OE3
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I calculate molarity?
QUESTION CONTENT: I need to calculate the molarity of these solutions.. I have no idea how. can anybody help me? thanks!   1. 49.7g (NH4)2C4H4O6 in 250 ml of solution   2. 20g CoSO4 in 500 ml of solution   3. 3.86g Fe(NO3)2 in 100 ml of solution.   4. 0.49g CaCl2 in 340 ml of solution.how do i find the moles for each solution though? i get how to take the moles and liters and find molarity but i can t understand how to get the moles.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6759
to calculate the molarity of a solution... you must first find the molecular weight of the compound.molecular weight will give you grams per molesmolarity is equal to moles per liter... and since we have the # of ml in the solution, this is how to calculate the molarity1. 49.7g x 1mol/184grams x 1/.250L = 1.08 mol/L (M)2.  20.0g x 1 mol/ 155grams x 1/0.500L = 0.26M3. 3.86g x 1mol/180grams x 1/0.1L = 0.21M4. 0.49g x 1mol/110grams x 1/.340L = 0.013M
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6760
Molar weight and molar density are two functionals.     The molarity is often this equation in real form.  Molar     weight is generally so fleeting, and prone to interaction     that the study of isotopes is the usual area.  Though in     two major products their is molar discussion  for the total     weight of isotopic by products and reactives.  If you think     clean that is where soap molarity is calculable.  If the     product is electronic magnets, charges, cubits, fuels oils,     or lasir power then the molar weights set the rules of plus     level interactions.  The reaction in the first example is     rinse water after interactions with a tablespoon of a       different soap.  In this example the molarity is the second      product is a total weight dependent on how much is      mixed from the first solution.  This about 3 teaspoons.Second example is baby powder nearly solvent into        a pure rinse.  Total molarity is microscopic. 10 grains.      Third example is Rust into a bucket of clean water about       3 cups, molarity is negligible, because you would not      mix it so depends on the activity, say pouring an old can     of drain water under a sink leak.  This would be 100 grains.  A common denominator of sample.      Finally soap bubbles settling in a bottle about 1 liter.       This is non molar measure.  Grains of oil about 20.

QUESTION ID: K1BIKPT2ICCIEB4
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the United States called Uncle Sam .... ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 8537
The name Uncle Sam came from the initials U.S. stamped on government property of the United States during the war of 1812.Accd. to and old story, the name originated from merchart who supplied provisions to US army, Samuel wilson, who was popularly known to everyone as Uncle Sam .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76348
The exact origins of Uncle Sam as a symbol for the United States are unknown. But the most widely accepted theory is that Uncle Sam was named after Samuel Wilson. During the War of 1812, Samuel Wilson was a businessman from Troy, NY that supplied the U.S. Army with beef in barrels. The barrels were labeled U.S. When asked what the initials stood for, one of Wilson s workers said it stood for Uncle Sam Wilson. The suggestion that the meat shipments came from Uncle Sam led to the idea that Uncle Sam symbolized the Federal Government and association stuck. In 1961, Congress passed a resolution that recognized Samuel Wilson as the inspiration for the symbol Uncle Sam.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76349
Historians aren t completely certain how the character Uncle Sam was created, or who (if anyone) he was named after. The prevailing theory is that Uncle Sam was named after Samuel Wilson.Wilson was born in Arlington, Mass., on September 13, 1766. His childhood home was in Mason, New Hampshire. In 1789, he and his brother Ebenezer walked to Troy, New York.During the War of 1812, Wilson was in the business of slaughtering and packing meat. He provided large shipments of meat to the US Army, in barrels that were stamped with the initials U.S. Supposedly, someone who saw the U.S. stamp suggested -- perhaps as a joke -- that the initials stood for Uncle Sam Wilson. The suggestion that the meat shipments came from Uncle Sam led to the idea that Uncle Sam symbolized the federal government.Samuel Wilson died in 1854. His grave is in the Oakwood Cemetery in Troy.Uncle Sam s traditional appearance, with a white goatee and star-spangled suit, is an invention of artists and political cartoonists; Samuel Wilson did not look like the modern image of Uncle Sam. For example, Wilson was clean-shaven, while Uncle Sam is usually portrayed with a goatee.Thomas Nast, a prominent 19th-century political cartoonist, produced many of the earliest cartoons of Uncle Sam. However, historians and collectors take note: Many of Nast s cartoons may appear to depict Uncle Sam, while in fact they depict Yankee Doodle or Brother Jonathan. It is easy to mistake a Brother Jonathan cartoon for one of Uncle Sam, since both figures wear star-spangled suits of red, whiteand blue. As a rule, Brother Jonathan was drawn with a feather in his cap, while Uncle Sam was not; and Uncle Sam is nearly always drawn with a beard, while Brother Jonathan was clean-shaven.Some have suggested that Dan Rice, a 19th-century clown, inspired Thomas Nast s Uncle Sam cartoons. Rice s clown costume consisted of a hat and star-spangled suit, much like the costome worn by Uncle Sam. However, Rice was born in 1823, and did not begin clowning until 1844; and Uncle Sam cartoons appeared as early as 1838. Therefore, it seems unlikely that Rice was, in fact, the inspiration for Nast s cartoons.The single most famous portrait of Uncle Sam is the I WANT YOU Army recruiting poster from World War I. The poster was painted by James Montgomery Flagg in 1916-1917.Many early examples of Uncle Sam cartoons can be found in The Foremost Guide to Uncle Sam Collectibles, by Gerald E. Czulewicz (Collector Books, 1995).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76350
The United States is not called Uncle Sam . It is our government that is called Uncle Sam. The term Uncle Sam got its start back durring WWI. It was the beginning of the depression era and Roosevelt started the New Deal to get us out of so much debt and get the nation working again. Then WWII happened and soon the men were off to war and the woman and children went to work to make bullets and guns and vehicles and aircraft for what was called the War Effort. It was durring that time when the term Uncle Sam was coined as a phraise. There are old antique posters out there for millitary recruitment durring the draft years that read, Uncle Sam wants YOU! . When Japan bombed Pearl Harbor, it began the United States Involvement in WWII. December 7th is the anual anniversery date of this tragic event. As Roosevelt said A date which will live in enfamy! . The coined phraise Uncle Sam Needs you! was widly used and grew in popularity durring that time as anti Nazi sentiment also grew and our mission in the War expanded as we joined the Allied nations against Hitler and His Nazi Regime that so terrorized all of Europe durring those years.

QUESTION ID: K2QCPJY2Q7BY5X0
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is heart valve catherization done?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84874
My Dad had a heart cath done to see where his blockage was.  He had so many they decided that stents would not be for him so they did bypass surgery on him.  Here is more on it.  In most cases, cardiac catheterization is recommended when a partial or complete arterial blockage is suspected. It is used to evaluate how well the heart is functioning and to obtain information about blockages. Cardiac catheterization is performed in a hospital. Usually, the procedure takes 2 to 3 hours to perform and patients are required to remain immobile for 4 to 6 hours following cardiac catheterization. Indications Indications for the procedure include the following: Angina that is not easily controlled with medication, that disrupts daily routine, occurs at rest, or recurs after heart attack Heart failure with suspected coronary artery disease Heart valve disease with symptoms (e.g., shortness of breath) Markedly abnormal stress test results Recurring chest pain of unidentified cause Not everyone with angina needs a cardiac catheterization. Patients who have very rare or easily controlled episodes of angina may desire to continue with medical therapy rather than undergo angioplasty or bypass surgery. Many patients who have suffered a heart attack can initially undergo a stress test rather than cardiac catheterization. Cardiac catheterization usually is not performed in patients who have infrequent episodes of angina (chest pain) or angina that is easily controlled.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69580
You already asked a question about cardiac cauterization...now this about catheterization.   Are you trying to get others to do your homework for you?

QUESTION ID: K3VSK64ZLOUXOH1
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you liquify air?
QUESTION CONTENT: What processes are used to liquify the oxygen and nitrogen in air? And what devices are used? And generally just HOW Also, how do you create such low temperatures?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 63599
This is a very condensed (no pun intended), and simplified description of the process.*...Atmospheric air is first cleaned of ALL solid, liquid and other extraneous matter.*...It is then compressed, cooled and then Expanded by driving an Expander turbine which rotates at around 50,000 rpm.*...This tremendous expansion of the air, causes, by the Joules-Thompson Effect, a huge drop in the air temperature.This very cold air is passed through a heat exchanger where it exchanges heat with the air entering the turbine thereby causing even greater cooling of the expanded air to a point where it liquifies at about -192??C.*...This is now fed to a Fractional Distillation column where, by the difference in boiling points of N2 (-197??C) and O2 (-183??C), the O2 remains as liquid while the N2 comes off as a Gas. The liquid O2  is run into a Dewar type, double wall, vacuum vessel (just like a vacuum flask used for cold drinks) but, much larger, where it is stored under atmospheric pressure and -183??C.The Nitrogen, being lighter than Oxygen comes off thedistillation unit as a gas and is generally stored at high pressure as a gas.Additional compression equipment may be used to boost the pressure of the nitrogen product after leaving the separation and purification process.  Other compression systems will then be used to produce large amounts of additional refrigeration when liquid Nitrogen is required. (Liquid N2 occupies a much smaller volume than compressed N2).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4774
The industrial process is to cool and compress the gas mixture(air), in a pressure vessel, that has cooling elements and plenty of thermal insulation. Water vapour and carbon dioxide are first removed. As the temperature lowers the different gases condense out at different temperatures.Once they become liquid, they are collected.OXYGEN is the first to condense out at -183 degrees CNITROGEN condenses at -196 degrees CHELIUM is the last remaining gas, its condensing temperature is - 269 degrees C ( 4K) The other noble gases are:-NEON   -246 degrees CARGON  -186 degrees CKRYPTON  -152 degrees CXENON   -108 degrees CRADON   -61.8 degrees C
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4775
The process of cooling air to liquefy N2 and O2 involves a little thermo trick called the Joule-Thompson effect, which has to do with the flow of fluids exiting an orifice into a specially designed chamber (my memory isn t what it used to be).  Clearly, the temperatures at which the gases form liquids must be maintained by some process, and I believe that the refrigeration process can be used, which involves the removal of heat from a low temperature source and pumping the heat up to a high temperature rejection reservior.   You probably have to progress through different steps, since a coolant at one temperature level in liquid form could solidy as the air becomes colder.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12507
Air is dried, compressed to high temp, then expanded, cooling it. Some of it liquifies. Once liquified it is cryogenically distilled into its various components. You can probably find more on wikipedia or on a gas vendor s website, eg, linde, praxair, etc.

QUESTION ID: K3Y1UNKS0LQU6DT
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why doesn t thunder and lightning occur during snowstorms?
QUESTION CONTENT: Do cooler temperatures somehow prevent static electric discharges?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4785
Lightning can occur during a snowstorm but it s rare. To understand why, you need to understand why lightning occurs in the first place. The mechanism by which huge charges build up in different parts of clouds is still debated, but for sure it involves high winds shearing electrons off of liquid water droplets. Electrons are much less mobile in solids than in liquids, so this process occurs little if at all with ice crystals,which is the way snowflakes start out. Also, if it s snowing, it is usually at or below the freezing point at ground level, and it will be even colder at higher elevations where the flakes are forming, so there are unlikely any liquid droplets at that time to provide the basic ingredients for lightning.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18078
it can happen during snowstorms. it happen last year.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63640
That probably has a lot to do with it, but it has thundered and lightning in the past.  It is not very common,but I have personally experienced it maybe 3 times in my life.It has to be a pretty severe snowstorm, I think, for this particular phenomenon to occur.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63641
It does its called thunder snowAlthough T-Storms are not as common in the winter It Does Happen. From the NSSL (National Severe Storms Laboratory) FAQ Page.Does lightning happen during the winter? Lightning occurs less frequently in the winter because there is not as much instability and moisture in the atmosphere as there is in the summer. These two ingredients work together to make convective storms that can produce lightning. Without instability and moisture, strong thunderstorms are unlikely.During the winter, the land surface is cooler because there is not as much heating by the sun to warm it up.  Without warm surface temperatures, the near-surface air wouldn t rise in the atmosphere very far.  Thus, the kinds of deep (8-15 km deep) thunderstorms that develop in the summertime wouldn t develop. Warm air holds more water vapor. And, when water vapor condenses into liquid water cloud drops, latent heat is released which fuels the thunderstorm. So, warm, moist air near the surface (and the proper conditions aloft to give you lots ofinstability) can result in deep convection, which may produce lightning discharges.  Clouds become electrified when strong updrafts (fueled by the instability and moisture) bring supercooled liquid water drops and ice crystals at temperatures less than freezing (0 deg C) together.  In this environment, interactions between the ice crystals and supercooled water droplets produce electric charges.  The exact mechanisms by which this charging happens remain unknown.  The electrical charges build up until they are strong enough to overcome the resistance of the surrounding air.  The breakdown of the electric fields produced by these charges is the lightning bolt.What is thundersnow? Although thunderstorms are less common in the winter, sometimes lightning can occur within snowstorms. Called thundersnow, relatively strong instability and abundant moisture may be found above the surface, such as above a warm front, rather than at the surface where it may be below freezing. Thundersnow is sometimes observed downstream of the Great Salt Lake and the Great Lakes during lake-effect snowstorms, too.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63642
In 1979 I lived in Dallas Texas and during an Ice storm, there was thunder and lightening. Later after I got home safely I was looking out the back sliding glass doors and the freezing rain was changing to snow, I saw flashes of light in the distance. Come to find out, that was transformers blowing, and power lines snapping from the weight of the ice.I m certain the first flashes and thunder I heard were just that.

QUESTION ID: K6X0HAUFB6I35J7
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is my LDL cholesterol increasing?
QUESTION CONTENT: After being diagnosed with high cholesterol, I increased exercise a bit but changed my diet drastically, nearly following the dietary recommendations to a T. After six months of this, my HDL has risen nicely and triglycerides have gone down a bit, but my LDL has gone up 20 points (about 10%)! Now my total cholesterol is higher than before, and I can t understand why.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 10261
To answer this question properly I would need to know what dietary changes you have made, but I reckon I could guess.We will assume that you have cut back on fats, and as such will have increased carbohydrate intake.Now to try to understand the mechanisms of the subject of cholesterol.First and foremost, the measurements are not of cholesterol, they are of Low Density Lipoproteins(LDL) High Density Lipoproteins (HDL) and Very Low Density Lipoproteins (VLDL, but  erroneously called Triglycerides).  A true triglyceride is three fatty acids attached to a glycerol molecule. Whenever I refer to a VLDL, it is what you know as a triglyceride, which contains a high proportion of triglycerides. Confusing isn t it? And I m sure that is deliberate.Missing from this list are chylomicrons and Intermediate Density Lipoproteins (IDLs)A lipoprotein is what carries cholesterol and lipids (fat), in the form of triglycerides, around the body, as they are not water soluble.When you digest fat in the small intestine they are packed into chylomicrons,along with dietary cholesterol,.Chylomicrons have  Appolipoproteins added to the outside which act like  identifiers. As this chylomicron travels around the body, cells with the appropriate receptor to the appolipoprotein take the triglycerides from the chylomicron. Once most of the triglycerides are gone, it has become a chylomicron remnant, containing mainly cholesterol and is absorbed by the liver thus delivering dietary cholesterol to the liver. No VLDL (erroneously and confusingly called triglyceride) or LDL in this pathway.When you consume excess carbohydrates the liver will convert the excess blood glucose into triglycerides (real triglycerides, not VLDL)  and pack them into VLDLs, along with cholesterol. It has one different appolipoprotein (identifier) added to it and sent out via the bloodstream.Again, cells with the appropriate receptor will take triglycerides from the VLDL, which will become a IDL, and as it loses most (true) triglycerides, eventually an LDL, An LDL consists of mainly cholesterol and a few triglycerides. It s function is now to provide cholesterol to the cells that need it.If no cells need any cholesterol, there will be no cells with the appropriate receptor, and the LDLs remain in the blood.So in your case, again assuming your carb intake has increased, you are producing more VLDLs (erroneously and confusingly called triglycerides) , but your increase in exercise means that there is more demand for their contents, so they are converted into LDLs. There is however, no increase in demand for cholesterol, so now you have elevated levels of LDLs, yet lower VLDLs (erroneously and confusingly called triglycerides)HDLs are separate again, and not really relevant to the point I m trying makeI know this is confusing so to summarise;Digested fat is packed into Chylomicrons, transferred to cells, and the remnant absorbed by the liver.-Gone from the bloodstream completelyFat created by the liver , maily due to high blood sugars, Is packed into VLDLs ( what you know as triglycerides) and transferred to cells that need it, thus becoming LDLs.If no cells need cholesterol, Then LDLs stay in the blood.The whole idea that lowing fat consumption will lower your cholesterol levels is just plain wrong. No study has ever shown this to be case, and the science shows how flawed this idea  is, Literally thousands of people are told to do this, which doesn t work and then end up on cholesterol lowering drugs. In Framingham, Massachusetts, the more saturated fat one ate, the more cholesterol one ate, the more calories one ate, the lower people s serum cholesterol...??? Dr William Castelli 1992 (Director of the Framingham study, that extensive study of which many contort the results to promote the low fat anti cholesterol ideas) The Atkins dieters had significantly greater increases in good cholesterol (HDL) and greater decreases in triglycerides http://health.upenn.edu/News/News_Releases/May03/Foster.htmlI challenge anyone who doesn t agree with this to prove me wrong, not just give it the thumbs down. Otherwise you are simply admitting that you too have been conned, but don t have the courage to admit it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87327
Calculate your LDL:HDL ratio.  That is more important.  LDL can be high but safely if you get a lot of healthy anti-oxidants in your diet.  With HDL of 80-90 or so, LDL hardly even matters.Don t exercise at a pace at which you are breathless or even close.  Long moderate that you can go and go. Oxidized LDL is the most dangerous variety that contributes to arterial plaque build-up.My numbers went from 37/137, to 57/87 to 37/57, to 47/61.  The first ratio was about 3.5 to 1, the latter ones 1.6 to 1.  My doctor is very happy with those.  I m on a very low fat diet for very badly clogged arteries.  I get light chest pain for days with ANY fatty meal, so I don t do that.  I snack on pistachios occasionally, and that is the most fat I get without pain.

QUESTION ID: KAX73NP6A6P4RT2
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you increase NITRIC OXIDE Levels?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87083
During the last 20 years cardiologists have shown that the hormone estrogen, which rises in women beginning at puberty, increases the production of NO.  There are also factors that can destroy NO, such as the cell-free hemoglobin released when red blood cells rupture.  A lower level of estrogen could lead to more severe disease, more cell rupture and more cell-free hemoglobin to destroy the NO.A number of therapies have been shown to increase the amount of NO and its survival in the body.  Principal among them is the cholesterol-lowering class of drugs called the statins, BiDil is another.Made by NitroMed, BiDil is a combination of two older drugs, isosorbide dinitrate and hydralazine, that boost the level of nitric oxide in the blood.  In patients suffering from heart failure the combination treatment was associated with a 43 percent decrease in the rate of death, a 33 percent reduction in first hospitalizations for heart failures, and a significant improvement in the quality of life, compared with standard therapy alone
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87084
Please see the web pages for more details on Nitric oxide and Endothelium derived relaxing factor. Nitric oxide is a vasodilator  which may reduce arterial hypertension. Kidneys produce adequate amounts of vasodilators if there are no diseases such as  renal parenchymal disease or bilateral nephrectomy

QUESTION ID: KBMK4IFSF3DPMEE
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can we use energy from moving water?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77293
If you think of power being brought to you it took a generator to make that power.  Most of it takes heat, which takes fuel.  Steam driven turbines turn huge generators which generate electrity so replacing steam with hydroelectric power will eliminate the need for feul.  Ocean currents, rivers, and flowing water can turn a turbine which can turn a generator and make electricity.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77294
Sometimes there are little propellers in places around dams, and they can make water run fast to make the propellers move faster, allowing them to make energy.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77295
Moving water moves a turbine, which in turn generates electricity. Hydropower is energy obtained from flowing water. Energy in water can be harnessed and used for this usefulness, in the form of motive energy or temperature differences. The most common application is the dam, but it can be used directly as a mechanical force or a thermal source/sink. It can also be used to bathe in.Prior to the widespread availability of commercial electricity, hydropower was widely used for milling, textile manufacture, and the operation of sawmills. In the 1830s, at the height of the canal-building era, hydropower was used to transport barge traffic up and down steep hills using the technology of inclined plane railroads.Hydroelectricity is a form of hydropower used to produce electricity. Most hydroelectric power comes from the potential energy of dammed water driving a water turbine and generator. Less common variations make use of water s kinetic energy or undammed sources such as tidal power. Hydroelectricity is a renewable energy source.The energy extracted from water depends not only on the volume but on the difference in height between the source and the water s outflow. This height difference is called the head. The amount of potential energy in water is directly proportional to the head. For this reason, it is advantageous to build dams as high as possible to produce the maximum electrical energy.

QUESTION ID: KCWD6OX1ITNP2UX
QUESTION SUBJECT: I have ADD. How do I buckle down and get some work done?
QUESTION CONTENT: Sometimes I just can t get motivated enough to get any work done. Then I end up wasting my time and having to stay up late, scrambling to get things done! It happens all the time. Help!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74178
I have ADD as well.  What works me best is a timer.When I started this, I would set my timer for five minutes and work for only those five minutes.  When that was up, I would reward myself.  I continued doing this until and slowly increased the time; thereby training myself to work for longer periods.I now bounce between 15 minutes (for when I feel antsy or weekday evenings when I have several different tasks to work on), 30 minutes or an hour (when I m feeling pretty driven and I have a major project I m working on).   Most places I ve seen recommend that you work no more than an hour without breaks.This may sound like you won t get anything done, but you will be amazed at how much you can get done in just 5 minutes.ETA: ignore Don.  I had ADD well before anyone could tell me what it was.  And I KNEW that I had a problem most people didn t, I just didn t know what it was. When I found out what ADD was (after I graduated college) I was finally able to deal with it effectively.ETA2: desabol has some good suggestions - I want to make some enhancements:Getting organized - lifehacker.com has some great suggestions, but I really recommend you start with a to-do list of some kind.  It could be a word document, a 5x7 card stack, or an online to-do - find what works best for you.  This is how I get organized at work.  You don t have to finish one item on your list before you start another.  I often leave projects in the middle and go do something else.  This keeps me from getting overwhelmed with everything I need to do.Minimal distractions.  I don t know about you, but very few things use all of my brain.  I find that if some part of my mind is being ignored it can become the biggest distraction of all.  So you need to figure out what are your distractions (for me, it is anything in print and anything that moves), and what can calm that part of the brain that wants attention. Again for me, that is music and I find that photographs of outdoor places also calm me down.Notes I write straight onto my to-do list at work. Another ADD specific point.  It s easy to get into a what-to-do Catch-22.  You need to wash the dishes, but you need to pay bills, but you need to do laundry, but you need to get the dishes done...The way to solve this is to choose an arbitrary pattern.  I go around my house clockwise (one room per time block) even if the bedroom just needs picking up and the bills are overdue, I ll still start with the bedroom and ignore the bills till I get to them.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22905
Here are a few tips that I have given to my students...1. Try to get organized.2. Make lists of things you need to get done and then work to accomplish them3. When you are studying / doing homework try to find a place where you can do it with minimal distractions.4. Set a timer and try to work for a set amount of time5. Throughout the day, write yourself notes in a homework notebook / journal about what you need to get done.6. Ask your parents and teachers for help.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48457
i suggest you to read all information on tip and infromations from websitehttp://add.about.com/

QUESTION ID: KDM22AO7DFQV3H8
QUESTION SUBJECT: does drinking a lot of water kill your appetite? how often should i drink it?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74518
No. It doesn t.Though no single formula fits all people, several guidelines are available to help you estimate how much to drink each day. Delve into your daily fluid needs to learn how your body uses water and what factors may increase ??? or decrease ??? your water requirements.Lack of water can lead to dehydration, a condition that occurs when you don t have enough water in your body to carry on normal functions. Even mild dehydration ??? as little as a 1 percent to 2 percent loss of your body weight ??? can sap your energy and make you tired. Dehydration poses a particular health risk for the very young and the very old. Signs and symptoms of dehydration include:Excessive thirst Fatigue Headache Dry mouth Little or no urination Muscle weakness Dizziness Lightheadedness Every day you lose water through sweating ??? noticeable and unnoticeable ??? exhaling, urinating and bowel movements. For your body to function properly, you need to replace this water by consuming beverages and foods that contain water. So how much water, or more precisely fluid, do you need?This isn t an easy question to answer. A healthy adult s daily fluid intake can vary widely. Most people drink fluid toquench thirst, to supply perceived water needs and out of habit. At least three approaches estimate total fluid (water) needs for healthy, sedentary adults living in a temperate climate.Replacement approach. The average urine output for adults is 1.5 liters a day. You lose close to an additional liter of water a day through breathing, sweating and bowel movements. Food usually accounts for 20 percent of your fluid intake, so you if you consume 2 liters of water or other beverages a day (a little more than 8 cups), along with your normal diet, you can replace the lost fluids. Eight 8-ounce glasses of water a day. Another approach to water intake is the 8 x 8 rule ??? drink eight 8-ounce glasses of water a day (about 1.9 liters). The rule could also be stated, drink eight 8-ounce glasses of fluid a day, as all fluids count toward the daily total. Though this approach isn t supported by scientific evidence, many people use this basic rule as a guideline for how much water and other fluids to drink. Dietary recommendations. The Institute of Medicine recommends that men consume 3 liters (about 13 cups) of total beverages a day and women consume 2.2 liters (about 9 cups) of total beverages a day. These guidelines are based on national food surveys that assessed people s average fluid intakes.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74519
No, it doesn t kill your appetite. Depending on the climate in which you live you should drink 8 or more cups of water a day.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74520
I have to disagree with most of the people I guess. Drinking cold water does suppress appetite because it sits in your stomach longer and makes you feel fuller. Your stomach has to heat it up before your body can process it, so it can trick your stomach into curbing the urge for munchies.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82618
you shud drink about half a gallon of water a day

QUESTION ID: KF1G4O6NQFCX2S5
QUESTION SUBJECT: Has anybody taken  Prednisone, for surgery and if so how much weight gain is there?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77218
It depends on how long you take it, and what the dosage is. I started out taking 90mg a day a VERY high dose, and continued to take it for over 3 months. I gained about 65 lbs. If you only have take for a week you should not gain more than 10 lbs.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25788
I have taken Prednisone (for asthma) and maybe gained between 10-15 pounds.  The thing with it is that you feel hungry even when you re not.  Once I realized this, I started eating celery and fat free dressing, carrot sticks and low fat foods between meals.  That helped me out a lot.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25789
What are the common side effects of this medicine?  Risk of infection. Avoid crowds and people with infections, colds, or flu. High blood sugar. Can cause diabetes mellitus while on medicine, usually reverses when stopped. Menstrual changes. If you are premenopausal you may not have period. If you are postmenopausal you may have bleeding or spotting. Weakened bones. Take calcium and vitamin D as recommended by healthcare provider. Weight gain. This is because of salt and water gain or because of hunger and eating more. Muscle weakness, especially in the thighs and upper arms. Skin changes (pimples, stretch marks, slow healing if cut, hair growth). Cataracts, glaucoma with long-term use. Changes in fat distribution. Fat stores can move to face and trunk. Belly pain and cramps. Nausea or vomiting. Small frequent meals, frequent mouth care, sucking hard candy, or chewing gum may help.  ----------------As you can see, the weight gain is from water and salt, also it can be from the food one must eat when taking the pill if you have to take it more than once a day, make sure it is at meal times.The swelling of the tissues can be avoided for the most part by reducing or eliminating the salt in your diet. You will be amazed at how much salt you take in daily once you start keeping track.Drink 6-8 glasses of water a day when healthy, do 4-6 when on this pill. Ask your doctor for water pills if you skin feel tight and itchy from the swelling.

QUESTION ID: KF5H2JPFKU0RXFH
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you make yourself feel more self confident?
QUESTION CONTENT: I went through a depression stage and now im very very insecure i cant even look people in the eye i dont really no and im very very nervous when i go out with my boyfriend that people judge me because i get insecure and stop talking and dont look people in the eye. i used to never be this way and after i got control im always put myself down because i think and act and do things diffrent
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6679
Well, you re already ahead of me when in comes to self confidence. The fact that you have a boyfriend and go out in public shows you re on your way to recovery. My best advice is baby steps. There was a time when I wouldn t leave my dad s house for about 3 years straight (depression). Four years later, I am living on my own and have a good job. Although, my boss constantly comments on my lack of self confidence and self esteem. Now, I m working on having friends. Good luck. I really feel for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18226
you don t need to be more self confident.  depression happens.  medication helps you worry less.  talk to a doctor.  putting yourself down is harmful.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67008
Hi--10 steps to increasing confidence: 1. Begin a journal. Ask yourself what is making you feel like you cannot get to the point in life you want to reach. Write any thoughts that come to mine. Also, write down what self-confidence means to you. 2. Remember the past is over; you can only change the future. Write down 10 positive things about yourself. Go through your journal and look at all the positive things about yourself. Concentrate on your strengths. These are the reasons you should love yourself and have high self-esteem and self-confidence in yourself. Give yourself credit for everything positive you have written about yourself. Remember, you are somebody special. 3. Accept yourself and learn to love yourself for whom you are a person. Everyone has his or her own unique qualities and characteristics. We are all born differently for a reason. Do not compare yourself to others. 4. Understand yourself mentally, physically and spiritually. Take some time to relax by yourself in a quiet room... Rest on your back with head and neck comfortably supported. 5. Be ready. Self-confidence comes a lot easier to the person who is sure their ready. 6. Strengthen your inner self. Write down in your journal what you will be able to do once you acquire the confidence you need. 7. Begin changing what you do not like about yourself. Confidence comes from within. You need to concentrate on the positive things about yourself. 8. Notice the change in our self-esteem and self-confidence. Reward yourself each time you do something that makes you feel proud...go out some place or take it easy for the day.9. Learn how to give and take. Confidence is being able to find a balance between giving help to people and excepting when we need help. 10. Have a tremendous amount of pride in yourself. Remember, you are number one!

QUESTION ID: KGJSPXBW7SPA4VM
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much do voice lessons usually cost?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70238
Voice Lessons usually Cost quite a bit of $$$, which may vary depending on the Professional background of the person you take the coaching from.I sincerely suggest you, though there are a whole lot of people out there, selling Voice Lessons Online in the form of an Audio CD which Indeed are helpful, not excluding books and costing your 3 little Pockets $$$. But praticality is what counts inthe end. Mentoring in the right form and way is the one thing that counts and which will lead you to your GOAL, if you are serious about this.So try to enroll in some Workshops related to VOICE OVERS, VOICE ACTING, MODULATION.... a few more techniques. Usually they are displayed in the Local Newspaper and/or/else you may also find them Online. There are lots. But again try to have a well known name behind it and the cost which can suit your Pocket.I hope my answer is useful.If you still have some Questions, you can E-Mail me at: theoallanathi5~at~yahoo.comReplace ~at~ by @ .Take Care.Theo Allan.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79330
well if you live in New york and want to take voice lesson with a really good teacher then you are probably going to pay at least $120 per hour. i live in l.a. and pay the great price of $65.00 My teacher is excellent. He plays the piano and everything. in New york the expense comes from the the teacher and the accompianist. on average you pay about $80.00 per hour.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79331
It depends on where you live. If you are in a small town area in the U.S. you can get lessons for as little as $$45/wk for half hour lessons. Of course the credentials of the instructor play a lot for how much they charge. The success of their students plays even more into it. I charge $85/hr, in a semi-metropolitan area. I have a bachelor of music degree and have had a successful television career. I teach because I like it, NOT because I want to make money. I do take students for free if I feel they are hard working, talented, and deserving. The best place to start is at your local music stores. I don t mean blockbuster music. Find a store that provides band instruments, guitars, pianos, sheet music and the like. Often those stores keep a listing of local teachers (who order music through them or supplies). They can direct you to a teacher and tell you what most students are paying.

QUESTION ID: KI28LZJJ5LSDCMV
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can my child do a VERY SIMPLE school experiment about the tensile strength of water? Or of anything else?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 64731
Just get a glass of water and get a 1 square of aluminium foil and float it on top.  It should work.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5437
You can float a paper clip on the surface of a glass of water. Before you try this you should know that it helps if the paper clip is a little greasy so the water doesn t stick to it (rub it on your nose or forehead.) Place the paper clip on a fork and lower it slowly into the water. The paper clip is supported by the surface-tension skin of the water.http://www.exploratorium.edu/ronh/bubbles/sticky_water.htmlFill a large cooking pan with water, in order to create a reasonably large water surface. Get a piece of cooking foil, and smooth it by ironing it with a fingernail. Press the foil against some flat surface to ensure that the surface is flat. Cut a small boat out of foil . The back of the boat has a channel cut through it with a small cavity at the end of the channel. Smooth the boat gently, in oder to eliminate all the irregularities created by cutting. Place the boat (!)gently(!) on the surface of water, nose pointing towards a reasonably large area of free water surface. If everything is done with care, it will hang, suspended by surface tension forces. Dip a match in detergent or soap solution, and gently deposit a (!!)small(!!) drop of the solution on the boat, so that it touches the cavity. The boat should accelerate rapidly, like a rocket and skid a reasonable distance before stopping.http://www.madsci.org/experiments/archive/857512487.Ph.htmlwww.science-experiments.info/Water_Surface_Tension_Experiments.html - 12kwww.science-projects.com/NeedleExpt.htm - 7kphysics.about.com/od/physicsexperiments/a/surfacetension_4.htm - 26k

QUESTION ID: KIHVTB3NLB2HE8Q
QUESTION SUBJECT: How the mining,smelting and purification of copper is done?
QUESTION CONTENT: im only 16 so dont go into realy complicated stuff thanks! :)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77011
Well i am also of the age sixteen.I am studying grade twelth from india.I will explain to you it easily.Copper is extracted from Copper pyrites.(CuFeS2).it is kept in a reverberatory furnace and heated.i.e smelting process.By this process u can remove all the impurities with the ore.The impurities are Sulphur,phosphorus etc.I can give all the equations but it will be very long.if u want more about this please mail to me.piks_14@ayhoo.co.in.i can help u a lot.My father is a chemistry scientist and working in IIT india.if u want more information i will give u.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77012
Age doesn t really matter...Copper ore comes mostly as copper pyrite, a sulfide. In ancient times malachite, a greenish copper carbonate, was the main source for copper smelting.Both strip mining and deep mines are used.Copper is a comparatively noble metal. Raw copper can be won by first roasting copper pyrite, yielding copper sulfate which decomposes into copper oxide and sulphur dioxide (noxious gas). The copper oxide then is mixed with copper pyrite in the ratio of 2:1 and heated, so that sulphur dioxide can be formed, leaving raw copper.Starting with malachite, the heat of a coal fire is sufficient to yield raw copper.Wikipedia (as usual) gives good details.Purification in ancient times was done by melting the metal, discarding any slag that might form on top.Modern purification is done by electrolysis. This is done to recover traces of silver and gold which usually accompany copper (and lead) deposits, a worthwhile industry. The metal is dissolved from the anode and recrystallized at the cathode.

QUESTION ID: KIKAL4AFFAZWPFN
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69215
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25439
Congratulations, you are the 199th person to ask this question.Try to enter sky and blue in the search categories field to find a multitude of answers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25440
STOP IT!!!12th today
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70706
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground.  If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist ofwater droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76775
The first thing to recognize is that the sun is an extremely bright source of light -- much brighter than the moon. The second thing to recognize is that the atoms of nitrogen and oxygen in the atmosphere have an effect on the sunlight that passes through them.There is a physical phenomenon called Rayleigh scattering that causes light to scatter when it passes through particles that have a diameter one-tenth that of the wavelength (color) of the light. Sunlight is made up of all different colors of light, but because of the elements in the atmosphere the color blue is scattered much more efficiently than the other colors.So when you look at the sky on a clear day, you can see the sun as a bright disk. The blueness you see everywhere else is all of the atoms in the atmosphere scattering blue light toward you. (Because red light, yellow light, green light and the other colors aren t scattered nearly as well, you see the sky as blue.)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76776
It is due to scattering of light .do have a visit to this page ....for more information !http://www.answers.com/why%20is%20sky%20blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76777
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.The amount of Rayleigh scattering that occurs to a beam of light is dependent upon the size of the particles and the wavelength of the light; in particular, the scattering coefficient, and hence the intensity of the scattered light, varies inversely with the fourth power of the wavelength, a relation known as the Rayleigh law. Scattering from particles larger than about a tenth of the illuminating wavelength is handled by Mie theory.Esto es lo que se llama preguntar por joder.

QUESTION ID: KKP10LV8BFB7JHA
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why can t we feel and see the earth s rotation ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11853
see how the sun rises and sets everyday?thats the earths rotation
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14252
You can, if you can spin yourself, the speed gap close to you and you feel.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40861
Why don t we feel earth s rotation? In actuality, you do feel the Earth s rotation. You may not notice it, but it does affect us in minor ways. The Earth is rotating from east to west. This is why the sun rises in the east and sets in the west. This rotation causes toilets to flush clockwise in the northern hemisphere and counter-clockwise in the southern hemisphere. This effect can also be observed in a similar fashion in people. [Moderator Note: the effect from the rotation of the Earth diminishes quite rapidly at smaller scales; in the end, the resultant Coriolis effect on toilets, sinks, etc. is much too small to have a significant contribution to the direction of water flow. Please see Prof. Suzanne Willis great answer for more. -- RJS]. If you walk from the north pole to the equator following a compass bearing of due south, you will gradually begin to stray to the left (or east). This is because as you move south, the Earth is moving west under your feet to the west, so each step you take lands you slightly further east than the last. It is also due to the fact that successively lower (closer to the equator) lines of latitude span a larger circular distance. Since the entire Earth must rotate at a constant rotational velocity, a spot on the Earth at 10 degrees latitude will have a higher absolute motion than a spot at 70 degree latitude. So as you walk south your surroundings begin to move faster and faster as you get left a little more behind with each step. By the way, you move right (also to the east) in the southern hemisphere as you walk north towards the equator for the same reason. This all has to do with inertia and perspective. You have intertia of restand intertia of motion. We were born into a moving world so we started off with intertia of motion. Since we are not accelerating or decelerating (at least not fast enough for us to notice; the Earth s rate of rotation has varied over time) we continue living in our constantly spinning world. In the absense of this planet and atmosphere and any other gravitational effects, we would remain completely still in absolute space. What we notice on time scales we can understand from day to day comes solely from our perspective of our immediate surroundings. Since the Earth and atmosphere around us do not seem to move in relation to our position, we have no sense of motion. Even though the planet rotates about itself and about the sun, and our solar system rotates within the galaxy, we only notice movement of ourselves relative to our immediate surroundings. Take, for example, flying in a plane. Once the plane has reached its cruising speed, you no longer feel like you are traveling at over 500 mph. This is because the plane and the air mass within the plane is not accelerating or decelerating. You do have a strong gravitational pull from the Earth that makes it harder to walk forward than backward in a plane. This doesn t apply, however, when physically standing on the Earth. So, at any given moment, you may be rotating thousands of km/hour due to the Earth s rotation, rotating around the Sun at an even faster rate, being swept through the galaxy in our limb of the Milky Way, and being thrust through the universe as the galaxy moves. But we feel quite stationary on our planet. Movement is all based on perspective and since our perspective does not extend beyond our fixed surroundings, we feel next to no movement or rotation. Just don t plan a hike from the Northern Rockies to Baja California and expect to get there by following your compass south. Even though we may not feel like our rotating Earth has any effect on us, on very small distance scales and very long time scales, it does. lovealyson
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53827
because of gravity???

QUESTION ID: KKS6Q6S8DN77FPC
QUESTION SUBJECT: How far will the Cincinnati Bengals go this football season?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73385
This really all depends on how well the Cincinnati Bengals handle the pressure of the playoffs and how well the defense plays. Cincinnati Bengals rank 11th in total rushing yards, 6th in total passing yards and 4th in total Offense yards. Making them among the best offensive teams in the NFL today and the team is still young and learning how to work with each other.On the other hand the defense has been a nightmare. Only good thing going for the defense is the fumbles recovered and interceptions they have made this year, which plays a big role in why they are where they are now. The defense has allowed a total 1522 rushing yards, allowed 2735 passing yards and are ranked 24th in the NFL overall in yards allowed.In order to get to the SuperBowl the defense must step up and make the big plays, there is no room for error in the playoffs. I think they can get the 2nd seed in the AFC, with games left with only one team that has a winning record and good team. The other two games are against the coachless Lions and the Bills who are both no where near the playoffs. I like the Cincinnati Bengals chances of going to the SuperBowl and winning it, just don t bet on it, unless the defense comes to play.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 73386
they will go to the championship game... they have proved that they could go up against top talent such as the steelers but they can t beat the colts who are awesome on both ends of the ball.

QUESTION ID: KL2MNUF2SQGM7KT
QUESTION SUBJECT: My mom was just diagnosed with CLL, her WBC was 20,000 (stage 0). Does anyone know how they do the staging?
QUESTION CONTENT: She doesn t have any symptoms and it was just found from a routine blood test for a physical. Apparently this a type of leukemia that progresses slowly and people live a long time before getting sick. Her hematologist said for now he doesn t recommend any treatment because it is so early, I guess we just wait for her to get sick and then treat it with chemo or radiation? Her next doctors appointment isn t until 9/28 and I ll be able to go with her and ask questions then but I just was hoping maybe someone might have some info on here.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34490
i haveseen cll staged with a pet/ct to make sure the disease is not more advanced than thought. the cll is a precursor to lymphoma.i did one of these on a patient with swollen lymph nodes in the neck that had lymphoma and they did not know it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34491
My husband was diagnosed with CLL four years ago, Stage 0, and he is doing fine.  He goes for checkups every 3 months and so far no treatment. the only thing he complains about is being tired at times, but otherwise he is fine...Good luck to your Mom, My advice to you is to write your questions down for the doctor before you go and see him...Take care.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84284
Rai Classification is used to stage CLLRai Classification separates chronic lymphocytic leukemia into low-, intermediate-, and high-risk categories, which correspond with stages 0, I&II, and III&IV, respectively:    * Rai Stage 0 patients are low risk and have lymphocytosis, a high lymphocyte count defined as more than 15,000 lymphocytes per cubic millimeter (>15,000 /mm3).    * Rai Stage I patients are intermediate risk and have lymphocytosis plus enlarged lymph nodes (lymphadenopathy).    * Rai Stage II patients are also intermediate risk but have lymphocytosis plus an enlarged liver (hepatomegaly) or enlarged spleen (splenomegaly), with or without lymphadenopathy.    * Rai Stage III patients are high-risk and have lymphocytosis plus anemia, a low red blood cell count (hemoglobin<11 g/dL), with or without lymphadenopathy, hepatomegaly, or splenomegaly.    * Rai Stage IV patients are also high-risk but have lymphocytosis plus thrombocytopenia, a low number of blood platelets (<100 ??? 103 /??L). Best of luck to you and your mom.

QUESTION ID: KLS11IDEEGGECLF
QUESTION SUBJECT: where is tsunami come from? and why tsunami is that name? what is the meaning of that?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77261
Tsunamis can occur dur to various causes but the main factors include geologic plate motion such as the one that caused the recent Dec 6 2004 tsunami hitting Indonesia, or undersea earthquake and volcanic eruption or even oceanic ridge slide. The motion of displacing plates causes a sudden drop in sealevel and this produce a wave which spreads out from the initial zone of occurence. these waves travel through vast oceans without losing energy until they meet with shallower waters when they begin to form deadly mile high waves and speed towards land. Tsunamis are named from a Japanese term meaning harbour wave and historically japan has experienced repeated occurences of the phenomenon. Another term for tsunami can be reffered to as tidal waves.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48639
Tsunami means harbor wave is a japanese word. Represented by two caracters,the top caracter tsu means harbor, while the bottom character , nami , means wave.In the past, tsunamis weresometimes referred to as tidal waves by the general public, and as seismic sea waves by the scientific community.The term tidal wave is a misnomer, although a tsunami s impact upon a coastline is dependent upon the tidal level at the time the tsunami strikes, tsunamis are unrelated to the tides.Tides result from the imbalanced, extraterrestrial, gravitational influences of the moon, sun, planets.The term seismic wave is also misleading. Seasmic implies an earthquaque-related generation mechanism, but a tsunami can also be caused by a nonseismic event, such as a landslide or meteorite impact.

QUESTION ID: KNTFGJANSQQZ0JK
QUESTION SUBJECT: how bad is it to have cancer? do still many people die from it?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47331
cancer is a bad thing i know atleast 10 ppl who have had it and atleast 3 of them died from it. My grandmother had it 6 years ago and she lived but it messed her up a lil bit she is permantely scared for life, my great grandmother recently had lung cancer and she doesn t even smoke! my mom had cancer 2 years ago, and a girl in my school had cancer. It is a dealy thing and its not fun to have!! you could die! my great grandmother who i was really close with died in 2001 cuz she had the worst type of cancer there is, you have it then the doctors think they got it out but it comes back within 2 weeks and your dead and thats wht happend to her and when you loose someone due to cancer its not fun!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87919
Depends on the type of cancer. All cancers are not created equally. Slow growing, less likely to spread (metastasize) cancers will be less likely to create problems, and can be effectively cured simply by excising the bad cells. If that is the case, to cut is to cure. An example is a basal cell carcinoma of the skin. On the other hand, if you were to have a cancer which had already spread to multiple organ systems, the chance for cure would be less likely. Today, in general, cancer isn t necessarily the death sentence it used to be. More  and more, treatments can significantly improve patient survival.  To answer your question, many people still die form cancer(s). Survival rates continue to improve. However, heart disease is still the number one killer in the U.S.I am a physician.

QUESTION ID: KOKU7V4A3LP2LXM
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much do migraines prevent you from doing?
QUESTION CONTENT: The kids had a sleep over last night (Friday) and Saturday night around 7pm I started calling the mom to come see when she was coming to get the kids.  She said she has a migraine and wondered if she could pick them up Sunday morning.  I told her no because I thought it was very inconsiderate of her not to call once since Friday whether she had a migraine or nots  She said she was going to call to see if someone else could pick her kids up&would call me back.  It has been over an hour&I still haven t heard from her.  I m wondering if a migraine affects ones ability to pick their own kids up?  BTW, I ended up calling her brother&he told her that he would rather not pick the kids up because he had a couple of beers&she didn t even call me back to tell me that much.  Does a migraine affect your ability to even call someone back?!!  Yes, I m kinda being sarcastic, but really curious too because I ve never had a migraine...That is a good idea taking them home myself, but , she is not at home.  She says she had to go to a friends house to get medicine.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59688
Pl try cold water bath and observe.If you have cough/cold body hot water bath will help.Pl try simple acupressure given below for immediate relief. If it fails you will have to go for Acupuncture.There is hardly any medicine for H/A OR MIGRAINE. Not only these but for RA, OA, Back ache and almost all painful diseases. Hence they become chronic.Acidity, WORRY, sadness, excessive wind, cold , heat, sour food and sinusitis, constipation, intestinal inflammation; drug side effects, stress, bad smell, TV&COMPUTER SOMETIMES, Blockage in the flow of Vital Energy, BODY CONSTITUTION etc are their causes. None of them can be treated with medicine. Our 100% success in treating migraine&H/A confirms it.Acupuncture is the best treatment. I can treat it with naturopathy and YOG, but how can you manage pl see.Pain killers don t treat the pain but we loose the sense of pain for some time; in that duration our body itself treats sometime and credit goes to meds.The useless drugs have tremendous power of side effects like liver/kidney failures, ulcer, inflammation of intestines and lot more. Avoid late sleeping if possible; worry, tension, spicy foods, sour fruits, stale bakery foods, SMOKING and alcohole.Sweet foods, COCOANUT WATER,sweet fruits, milk, rice, SPROUTS, SALADS and good sleep will help if cough is not there. But you try one herbal remedy- two drops of drumstick leaves juice in opposite nostril if one side pains and both nostrils if full H/A will give you rescue. Betel leaf helps but it is very strong. If it is acute pl search a painful point (with round tipped pen/jimmy) 3-6 mm behind your thumb nail and press it, H/A will disappear within 30 seconds.For forehead/eye pain the points are in front of nails on the finger tips or 3-7 mm below.It may disappear naturally too.Source(s):SHREE SWASTHYAYOG TREATMENT, TRAINING&RESEARCH INSTITUTER.H. 19, Jhulelal Society, Sector 2/E, Airoli, Navi Mumbai, INDIA.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64967
First of all, migraine or not if someone does not show to pick up their kids, call CPS.  If they are so disabled by a migrained that they cannot take care of things like picking their kids up, they need someone to intervene.Second, if someone has a disability that prevents them from taking care of their children at times, it is their responsibility to make those arrangements and that does not mean leaving them at a sleep over.  It means having another qualified, caring, responsible adult that is able to pick up your slack.  Be it a grandparent, spouse, neighbor, or sitter, they need to take care of that.I would so call CPS as someone needs to make sure those kids needs are being met.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64968
They are different for different people.  When my mom gets them she is throwing up, has to stay in the dark and is miserable.  I have only had one but when I got one, I couldn t see out of one eye and then fell asleep forlike 5 hours.  When I woke up I was fine.  It is possible that a migrane could prevent her from being able to pick her kid up.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64969
Migraines are extremely painful. They often leave the person vomitting at any type of movement. They can also cause temporary blindness, and any type of noise or light can be horrible for the migraine.  It s hard to explain if you ve never had one, but they leave you exhausted and often unable to move. Driving would probably be out of the question if she really has a migraine. Many people have to go to the hospital when they experience migraines, because over-the-counter remedies do little to help.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64970
I suffer from chronic migraines and i can say that yes in some cases they can cause me to be unable to do anything except lie in bed and feel generally miserable.  But at the same time, I have 2 small children and for that reason there are times that there is NO way at all i can lie in bed and do nothing for the hours/days it takes to sometimes get rid of my migraines.  So regardless of the pain i take my kids where they need to go, work a full time job and take care of the house doing my best to prevent myself from becoming sick to my stomach because that is sometimes a side effect of bad migraines.  I m sure she ll call when she can, otherwise, try to take them home yourself.  I probably wouldn t call anyone if i had a migraine and my children were staying over somewhere, but i would not expect someone else to watch them for 2 days without calling first.  No over the counter medicine helps me, i have to take prescription pills daily that i can t afford yet, so I just suffer and make it through as best i can.  My children know how to behave when my head is bothering me and know I need sleep and they are wonderful about it.

QUESTION ID: KOYMIEAWCUSBHLP
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do many chemotherapy drugs cause hair loss?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9643
Hair is made up of cells, as is the finger&toe nails. Chemo drugs are designed to kill cells. Cancer cells but it does not know the difference between one cell then to the other. The hair cells are the first to go. The cells dead the hair falls out. The nails also turn dark&brittle. The hair begins to grow back quickly often between treatments. For some reason it is the old hair that goes. The hair that begins to grow back doesn t seem to be effected as much. I didn t lose all mine, but it was such a mess that I shaved it off myself. All back now&now it grows like mad.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17119
Has something to do with the chemo killing the fast growing cells, apparently thats your hair, along with the cancer cells. Thats what the doctors told us when my daughter went through chemo. I guess the stronger the chemo the quicker it comes out. My daughter had intensive chemo and her hair nearly all fell out 2 weeks from first dose.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37353
The idea behind chemotherapy is to kill off or stop the rapid division of cancer cells. The way this can work is because most body cells have already stopped growing. The heart cells have already created the heart so they no longer grow. The lung cells are done creating a lung so they stop growing. The liver cells have already created a liver so they no longer need to grow. Normal cells have some type of signal that stops them from growing once the organ or tissue has been created. Cancer occurs when something triggers one of the normal cells in an organ or soft tissue or bone to start growing.There are only a few other body cells that keep growing and one of them is the hair cells. The chemotherapy can not tell the difference between a cancer cell that is still growing and a hair cell that is growing. Thus, the chemotherapy stops the cancer and the hair from growing. The tumors hopefully die off, and the hair falls out. Hair loss is temporary. Once the chemotherapy stops the hair grows back.Something to keep in mind, hair grows in cycles so if the patient has chemotherapy and the hair is not in a growing cycle, the hair won t fall out. It took about three or four chemotherapy cycles before my sons hair fell out. His darker hair fell out first and he kept the lighter hair for about five months before losing it all.CancerBackup UK: Hair Losshttp://www.cancerbackup.org.uk/Resourcessupport/Symptomssideeffects/Hairloss/Cancertreatmentsandhairloss

QUESTION ID: KQ50F5HFZPFZBF2
QUESTION SUBJECT: how worried need to be if  a polyp was found in my wife colon 2 weeks for result of lab to much for me?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48006
Worry and Fear cause one thing; more of the same.If they find anything, they usually will remove it while they are in there.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48007
i just had a scope and they found polyps. none were cancerous. good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53293
This is precancer.  So, the next step is to stop the cancer before it starts.  This is how, and you will thank me for this.  It is a copy and paste that I wrote to help any and all cancer patients because doctors, regardless of their education, how much money they get, or who the patient is, will not help anybody with cancer.  So, read everything I say and this will save your wife in the future.       Please stop all the chemo therapy and doctor recommended medicines right away. Doctors dont want you to know of the alternative medicines that can actually CURE CANCER. If a doctor tells you the alternative medicines, they will be out of a job. How much does it cost for chemo therapy each time you take in those chemicals? This medicine is better and only $75 dollars a bottle. Each bottle lasts a month. You take an ounce per day, and after each dose, you eat a banana or eat potatoes. its called CESIUM CHLORIDE. The problem with chemo therapy is that they always say that they never know how each person will be affected by the chemicals. You could die the next day, or you can die in a month. BUT, you cannot live past 2 years. So, its not a good garauntee that you will extend your life for 2 years. The reason is because chemo therapy is a toxin. A poison that kills your body. And if it kills the cancers before it kills you then you are cured. And if the cancer dies before you die, you probably wont live past 5 years. Because even after the cancer is killed, your body is completely deteriorated. I bet you cannot ask 100 people who knew someone who went to chemo therapy and lived more then 5 years after defeating cancer. You might get lucky and find like 2 people. What are your chances that you will be that 2 lucky people that live? So, how good of a cure can chemo therapy be? The key to defeating cancer is all over the net. But the people who sell these alternatives cannot say on their labels that their medicines cure cancer. It is against FDA rules. The reason is because if this is done, then doctors, hospitals, and pharmaceautical companies cannot make any money. So, according to FDA, it has to be stated on the bottles that it is for vitamins only, etc etc. You can go find these medicines and take care of your cancers in 3 to 12 months. Just listen to me as I dont make anything off of this. I am only here to help. I am sick of these doctors and big companies making money off dyng people. Doctors wont tell you either. Its against their rules. Well, gee, they were ones who created these rules, so go figure. I believe there were like alot of medicines that take care of cancers. There is a top 10 list somewhere. I think cesium chloride is listed number 1 or 2 on the list. I found a good bottle of this on www.nutrition2000.com. I think this was the address. You can always search the internet. Get the one that contains rubidium (I think this is how it is spelt). This helps your body absorb the medicine. Good luck my friend. And please pass this information to everybody you know that needs it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85666
Polyp s are generally precancerous.  You should have nothing to worry about, I would not think..  But, now she must get checked often and adhere to a good diet, have low stress and be assertive with her health care.

QUESTION ID: KTVDB30XUQ7K87L
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does Vioxx causes people to have heart attack?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73345
There are two types of cycloxygenase enzymes in the body that we know a lot about, cox 1, and cox 2.  There is also recent evidence suggewsting the existence of a cox 3 enzyme, but that is not important here.  Cox 1 and 2enzymes are located in many places in the body, and they make prostaglandins which do a lot of differnt things in the body.  Some prostaglandins made from cox 2 enzymes play a role in promoting inflammation, so a medicine which inhibits cox 2 is useful as an anti-inflammatory, and this is what Vioxx does.It is also important to note that there are cox 2 enzymes in the lining of blood vessels and the prostaglandins produced by these have an anti-clotting mechanism.  In platelets, though, there is a cox 1 enzyme which produces thromboxane, which promotes clotting.  This means that when the platelets reach a break in the blood vessel, there will no longer be anything to inhibit clotting, and the platelets will begin to stick to each other.  (This is a great oversimplification of clotting; the real process is complex as hell.)Aspirin, inhibits both cox 1 and cox 2, and it inhibits cox 1 irreversbly, but not the cox 2 found in the blood vessels.  Remeber cox 1 promotes clotting, cox 2 inhibits it.  This is why aspirin therapy is used in patients at risk of a heart attack.  Vioxx was specific for cox 2, though. Cox 2 inhibits clotting, and if vioxx reduces cox 2 function, then clotting is more readily done by the platelets.Heart attacks are caused by clots that prevent blood from flowing through coronary arteries.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 73346
Vioxx does not cause all people to have heart attacks. I was taking it for my arthritis and it worked very well. I just found out that it may be re-released with closer physician observance. If it is I would use it again, because it was the only thing that seamed to work. Some people may not agree with me but it is each to their own.

QUESTION ID: KXPZSVKU0YS0V7O
QUESTION SUBJECT: How would we move ourselves across the Galaxy in a spaceship?
QUESTION CONTENT: If Humans ever do discover another planet that we can live on how would we get thier in time without dying or running food and other supplies? anyone have any Ideas for Space ships like how they should be built? Should they farms and Animals on them?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13826
harness the power of a black hole and create a wormhole. or maybe suspended animation. assuming we don t destroy ourselves before it s necessary, they ll think of something. don t worry.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30633
we aren t (moving ourselves across the galaxy).at least not in the foreseeable future.if we were to take the space shuttle to Alpha Centauri, it would take 150,000 years.that ain t gonna work.  so how bout if we find a better propulsion system.a generic propulsion system works by throwing stuff in the direction you don t want to go.and you accelerate where you do want to go.if you assume the best circumstances, and you throw stuff out at the speed of light, maybe you could throw 1/4 of the ship s weight out the back.  then you d be going 1/4 of the speed of light.at 4 light years, it d take you 16 years to get to Alpha Centauri, which is a double star system, and unlikely to have any interesting planets.worse, you d have to throw another 1/4 of your ship out in front to slow down.look at the space shuttle, and how small the actual shuttle is, compared to the tanks, etc.  and they don t have to slow down on their own, the atmosphere does that part of the work.crummy as it is, we re stuck here.  it s very unlikely that we ll have a significant presence on mars within the next 1,000 years.  there s so little air there that it s essentially a vacuum.  and there s nothing to shield people from the sun s radiation.i might suggest that you work really hard to protect the environment here on the earth.don t get me wrong.  it d be really cool to travel around the galaxy.  it s just that, at the present, there s no way that we can see that would accomplish that.on the other hand, if we ever do get to do that, then (a) we ought to take our environment (plants and animals), but (b) it ll be so far in the future that we may each have our own hydroponic tank from which we eat, and into which, we put our trash.  sounds gross now, but, if humans last long enough, it s not all that unrealistic.  and it d fit really easy on your space ship.  :-)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30634
I often pondered on that. I figured I would get my bike and attach two acetylene tanks and three Oxygen tanks. Prepare the line thrust to the ballast er equipped with high velocity shanks coupled with booster arms and power booster thrust.My cok pit will made of fiber glass and resin. I can use a seat belt from my old Pinto and my old CB radio for communication..I will need someone to light my next launch. My First test launch this year put a big hole in Moms back yard and shattered the neighbors windows and that had to be paid from my College fund.. So Ithink I had to much thrust on the reversal struts.

QUESTION ID: KXQ6ZZSSYWUD77T
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78997
because of the oceans
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78998
Because blue has the shortest wave length and it is the only one that you can see during the day.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78999
They say its because of the ocean...plus the sky would look better blue...then green. :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79000
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue

QUESTION ID: KYKKGRM4NM14EJG
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you solve the following?
QUESTION CONTENT: A. 12x^2 + 7x=10B. 1/x - 1/x+4=1/3C. One person can do a job in 8 hours. A second person can do it in 12 hours. If the first person works 2 hours less than the second, how many hours will it take them working together?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2979
A. 12x^2 + 7x = 10Subtract 10 from each side.12x^2 + 7x - 10 = 0Factor.(4x+5)(3x-2) = 0Set each factor equal to zero.4x+5 = 0 or 3x-2 =0 x = -5/4 or x = 2/3B. 1/x - 1/(x+4) = 1/3Multiply both sides by 3x(x+4)3(x+4) - 3x = x(x+4)Simplify.3x+12 - 3x = x^2 + 4x12 = x^2 + 4xMove everything to one side.x^2 + 4x - 12 = 0Factor.(x+6)(x-2) = 0x+6 = 0 or x-2 = 0x = -6 or x = 2
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2980
Alright ;)A) 12x^2 +7x = 10(Subtract 10 from both sides)12x^2 +7x - 10 = 0(Factorise)(4x + 5)(3x - 2) = 0(Use the null factor law where a * b = 0, either a or b is equal to 0)Therefore x can be either x = -5/4 or x = 2/3

QUESTION ID: KZ4FWFK1KN1EB8P
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to make a heart circulatory system model for my exhibition?
QUESTION CONTENT: Please help me. It should be a working model.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1049
Systemic circulation, coronary circulation, pulmonary ciculation, portal circulation. Please give emphasis to coronary circulation in your working model.Acute coronary syndromes result from acute obstruction of a coronary artery. Consequences depend on degree of obstruction and range from unstable angina to non-ST-segment elevation MI (NSTEMI), ST-segment elevation MI (STEMI), and sudden cardiac death. Symptoms are similar in each of these syndromes (except sudden death) and include chest discomfort with or without dyspnea, nausea, and diaphoresis. Diagnosis is by ECG and the presence or absence of serologic markers. Treatment is antiplatelet drugs, anticoagulants, nitrates, ??-blockers, and, for STEMI, emergency reperfusion via fibrinolytic drugs, percutaneous intervention, or, occasionally, coronary artery bypass graft surgery.Please see the web pages for more details on Myocardial infarction, Electrical conduction system of the heart and Heart diseases.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9430
Try to put a clear plastic tube all around the image or the body that you got in the way that circulatory sistem works.  Put some water with red colorant in the tube and seal it with a pump, like the one used for doctors to take blood pressure.  With this you can pump it and see if the water passes through all the tube like blood.  Don t forget the heart that is going to receive the red water (blood).  Good luck!!

QUESTION ID: KZP70188N64J17M
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long should I have an atrial fibrillation before going to A&E? The last one was 10 hours.?
QUESTION CONTENT: When I went to hospital as an emergency (fibrillations coming every other day in spite of lots of medication)    I was told that the 10 hours I waited was too long to be in fibrillation .  Today the nurse at the local surgery who did my INR said 3 - 4 hours was long enough to wait to see if it would stop.  I don t want to go to A&E for nothing but I don t want to have to be admitted as I was 2 weeks ago. Nobody here seems to have the answer.  What experiences have others had?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12940
I m not sure what A&E is, but I hope you are being followed by a cardiologist. You should be on some kind of medication to either correct the rhythm or control the fast heart rate. Meds like Amiodarone, Coreg, Lopressor are some of the most popular and there are newer ones out there. Mainly Beta Blockers and or Antiarrhythmics. If you have chronic atrial fib, you need to be on anticougulants, like Coumadin (which I am assuming you are since you are getting your INR checked). You need to discuss this with your doctor the appropriate length of time to wait before going to the ER. Atrial fib can be fatal if you throw a clot from your heart because treatment has been delayed or not treated appropriately. Talk with your doctor!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83104
Don t listen to Amanda, her advice is ridiculous.  If you are a paroxysmal afibber instead of permanent, then the guidelines for those who are NOT on Warfarin (blood thinner), even if they are on Aspirin therapy, is to go to the ER when you re approaching the 48-hour mark.  To go to the ER when you re in AF for 15 minutes is about the stupidest thing I ve ever heard.  The ERs would be PACKED!!  This would only be true if you passed out or something in those 15 minutes.  AF will, over the course of YEARS, lead to heart damage/failure if left untreated for all those years, ie. you d have to either be permanent or have long, daily episodes.  The 48-hour rule is well-known, as the true risk with AF is stroke.  If you re not on a blood thinner, then past 48 hours you re risk of stroke goes up considerably.  Before 48 hours, (try to take a coated aspirin at the start of the episode to thin the blood a bit), the stroke risk is less and the ER will convert you without having to start you on Warfarin.  As you mentioned your INR though I aasume you are on warfarin,&then your stroke risk is already low and you wouldn t need to go to the ER at all.  This of course is assuming you don t feel unwell (i.e. passing out, sick, etc).  If you can cope with the rhythm&take warfarin, then I don t see why you d go to the ER at all.  Not many people run to the ER after only 10 hours and you don t need to either.  I myself have gone 40 hours with an HR of 160-180.  Check out this very knowledgeable group...http://www.afibbers.net/forum/list.php?f=4They know more than most doctors about AF!!

QUESTION ID: L04NCJ63M0HFVWZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do i turn fractions to decimals and decimals to fractions.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10572
divide the top and the bottom. DUH!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37225
fractions to decimals-divide the Nr by the Drdecimals to fractions multiply and divide by suitable multiple of 10 to get rid of the decimal and simplify/reduce completely
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37226
A decimal is a base 10 representation so 0.23465 == 23465/10000  simplfyfractions to decimals look up long division
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37227
You can turn any fraction into a decimal by:Dividing the bottom number (denominator) into the top number (numerator).You can use either long division or a calculator to do this work.Be very careful with your placement of the decimal point andyou should have no problems.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Decimals to fractions...you can turn any decimal into a fraction by placing the decimalnumber over one and a series of zeros.  The series of zeros must be equal in length to the number of digits to the right of the decimal in the decimal number. Drop the decimal in the numerator when you do this.Example:decimal number = 0.308Fraction = 308 / 1000Now, a fraction has been created. however some people insist on making the number of the fraction as small as possible (reducing them). In the example above, you could take out a 2 from the top and the bottom to make the newfraction = 154 / 500 which is the samefraction only smallerin printed numbers. What? Oh, yes. you can take out another 2 can t you... So that fraction could also be written as 77 / 250.and I think that is about as far as you can take that one down...Keep in mind certain easy numbers like0.250 = 1/4, 2/8, 4/16, etc.0.500 = 1/2, 2/4, 4/8, 8/16, etc.0.750 = 3/4, 6/8, 12/16, etc.0.125 = 1/8, 2/16, etc.0.375 = 3/8, 6/16. etc. and so forthRegardsZah
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37228
To convert fraction to decimal;  divide the numerator (top number of a fraction) by the denominator (bottom number of a fraction. When the division shows a remainder put a decimal point in the numerator and the answer, and zero s after the decimal point of the numerator and continue dividing as though it was a non-decimal number. e.g. 1/8 to decimal       8) 1.000000( 0.125          - 0.8             0.20           - 0.16             0.040          -  0.040              0.000                ans =  0.125To convert decimals to fractions place the decimal over 1 followed by the decimal point and the same number of zero s as there decimal digits. and cancel down e.g.0.375  to fraction      0.375      _____      1.000    this now reads 375/1000  = 75/200  = 15/40 = 3/8There special rules for decimals recurring to infinity.

QUESTION ID: L121IKX0TLDYMZY
QUESTION SUBJECT: what s normal value of LDL and VLDL? How to control it?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 83514
hey read this book BEFORE THIS HAPPEN TO YOU a good book to avoid all the heart prbms. as far as ur question concern govt. medical standard for normal ldl is 120 but anything above 80 is risky so try to keep it below atleast below 100. vldl am not sure but you hdl should also be above 45. do workout daily, control diet is good way to prevent heart disease and you can take some statin drugs too... bye
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83515
If you get a 46-49 reading your doing okay, but 50-54 your cooked badly.So drink grapfruit juice , exercise and stay away from fried foods as much as possible.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87995
The Truth About Good and Bad CholesterolThere are several different types of cholesterol. The ones we hear most about are often referred to as the good cholesterol and the bad cholesterol. The bad cholesterol, otherwise known as LDL cholesterol, gets its notoriety from the fact that it transports cholesterol throughout the body. It therefore, provides the cholesterol that might become trapped in artery walls and form plaque. HDL cholesterol is considered the good guy because it brings cholesterol back to the liver for reprocessing and possible elimination from the body.Although HDL and LDL cholesterol are commonly referred to as the good and bad cholesterols, this really isn t the case. There are two other forms of cholesterol that actually deserve the labels good and bad. All forms of natural cholesterol, the type normally found in the body, are good and necessary. Whether it is transported as LDL or HDL, cholesterol provides the body with building blocks to manufacture hormones, cell membranes, vitamin D, etc. Cholesterol is absolutely vital to good health. It is not an evil villain. It s illogical to believe that nature would create a substance that is vital for good health but is also toxic. Something that is good, however, can become bad under certain circumstances. When cholesterol becomes oxidized, its bad side comes out. When researchers analyze arterial plaque what they find is oxidized cholesterol. Oxidized cholesterol is the only form of cholesterol that collects in arterial plaque. Normal, healthy, cholesterol does not build up in artery walls. When fats and oils are oxidized they become rancid and, consequently, toxic. Cholesterol is the same way. Natural cholesterol is harmless, but when it is damaged by oxidation it turns bad.Years ago researchers discovered that if they put oxidized cholesterol into test diets lab animals developed atherosclerosis in a matter of weeks. If they fed normal cholesterol to animals it was nearly impossible for them to develop atherosclerosis even when they were fed massive amounts of it. Blood cholesterol levels could rise to over 600 mg/dl and still atherosclerosis would not develop unless oxidized cholesterol was used. Today oxidized cholesterol is routinely used in cholesterol research to induce atherosclerosis in test animals. The vast majority of the cholesterol circulating in our blood is manufactured in the liver. Only a small amount comes from the diet. Cholesterol manufactured by the liver is obviously not rancid and, therefore, not oxidized. The cholesterol in fresh, natural foods, likewise, is not oxidized. But foods that have been overly processed may contain oxidized (i.e., rancid) cholesterol. The foods that are most likely to contain oxidized cholesterol are animal products that have been dehydrated, dried, or powdered. The foods with the highest oxidized cholesterol content are: dried cheese, powdered whole milk, powdered eggs, powdered butter, hard meats, etc. These types of foods are often used in packaged prepared foods. For instance, a boxed cake mix will list eggs or milk in the ingredients. Obviously for the mix to be dry these ingredients must be dehydrated or powdered. Finished baked goods may not be any safer. Was the cake you bought last week at your local grocerystore made with fresh eggs or powdered? It s possible that the bakery used a mix containing powdered eggs. How about the packaged spaghetti or macaroni and cheese you made last night? Did it come with a packet of powdered cheese?Did the last pizza you eat contain pepperoni? Did it have powdered Parmesan cheese?The good cholesterol is the cholesterol that is formed in your body and the cholesterol found in fresh, natural foods. The bad cholesterol, the one that causes problems, is oxidized cholesterol that is found in many highly processed foods.To avoid bad cholesterol you need to look at ingredient labels. Avoid foods with all suspect ingredients. Better yet, avoid all processed, packaged foods and only eat fresh, whole foods. Make your meals from scratch so you know exactly what you are eating. This is what our great grandparents did. In their day heart disease was essentially unheard of. Today with all of the innovations of modern food processing heart disease has become our number one killer. Instead of worrying about cholesterol levels we should be worried more about the types of foods we eat the type of cholesterol in those foods. There are no doubt many factors that contribute to heart disease. However, eating better seems to make a big difference and it is something you can start doing right now.Dr. Bruce Fife CN N.D.

QUESTION ID: L3E0U2TROY4DFZY
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long did it take everyone to notice a difference in their body when going to the gym?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have been going 4-5 days a week for a little over a month. I walk on the treadmill for 25 minutes at 3.5-3.6 MPH and sometimes on a 1.0-2.5 incline. Afterward I do the weight machines and that generally takes about a half an hour. It really makes me feel good. I have lost a couple pounds and am starting to feel my muscles are getting just a tad tighter. When do you think I ll start noticing more a difference in the way I look? I speculate about 6 months. What do yall think? I would also love to hear anyone elses stories.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4120
6 months.  Since you would want to hear my story, here it goes! =)About 12 months ago I was a senior in high school.  I was ( and still am ) 5 foot 11 inches tall, and I weighed 255 pounds.   I was content.  At least I thought I was, but looking back on it, I was really sad.  I got ridiculed a lot, especially going to an all guys school.   One day, I sat in my room all day and thought about my situation and figured out that I want to change, especially when I thought about how I was going to a co-ed school again.  I wanted to lose weight. But I never knew I would lose as much as I have so far.  I started off doing what you were, about 3.5MPH @ a 3% incline for about 3 months.  Gradually getting faster / higher incline. Eventually I would get to where I am today.  Running 2+ miles a day religiously, weight training, and having a side summer job as a male model.  I m now a nice 160 pounds  @ 5 foot 11 inches.  I dropped 95 pounds in a little over 10 months.   I m still unhappy as to how I have no abs, so I m kicking up the cardio exercises a few notches to get my bodyfat percentage to under 10% for that six pack I ve dreamed of.   I imagine that when I reach 150 pounds I won t need to lose any more weight, as I know with my dietary plan I will have enough protein to keep me from losing muscle mass while shedding that last 10 pounds.  Theres my story!  I ve changed my life for the better, I have so much energy, I feel so much different and so much better.  My family can t believe it, and to tell you the truth neither can I!  Hopefully in a years time you ll be writing your story to someone else!Cheers! Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62447
i noticed a huge change even when i first joined the gym.its good that youre committed.i havent been there in MONTHS..:/i miss it! haha.i need to start going again. ive just been so busy..but anyways.yeah the gym is great for you a lot of people say you dont even need to go to the gym but i think its better, especially when youre surrounded with people who have the same ambitions as you do.keep up the good work and be happy with the results youre already getting!:]and good luck with the rest!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62448
Well, I ve been working out for 7 months now, and I ve noticed a huge difference. I was a healthy weight to begin with, and had no intentions of losing weight. So maybe that s why I was able to notice a change so quickly. But anyways, for the first 5 months I worked out 3 times per week for about 30-35 minutes lifting weights. I noticed a bit of a change in those first few months, mostly in my bis and legs. Now I work out 4 times a week for 45-60 minutes (still lifting weights). Between now and when I started, I havent lost weight, but I have definitely replaced fat with muscle. I guess you would say that I have toned myself. I agree completely about working out and feeling good. I love having a great workout. I guess your results would depend on what you are like now, and how you want to be.

QUESTION ID: L3JCEP640VJPPHZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you get rid of a muffin top?
QUESTION CONTENT: the fat at the sides of your waist...It never used to be there what exercises what causes it?I agree because Im size 10 Im not over weight. its just this weird flabby bit.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72553
I feel your pain side stretches and less ice cream and chocolates and things like that less refined sugars also try and find stretches that focus on the sides of your waist.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4975
Here are some good ideas:1. Do something that gets your heart rate up a bit like, walking, running, biking, and swimming.2. Eat Whole, Organic foods like: Broccoli, Cabbage, Organic Brown Rice, Beans, Spinach, Sweet Potato, Apples, and other fruits and vegetables in their Natural State.3. Avoid eating corn, white bread, white rice, white potatoes, candy, sodas, chips, and anything else that you already know you shouldn???t be eating.4. Drink clean water as your beverage of choice. Avoid Fruit drinks and fruit juices (unless YOU juice them yourself)5. Stop smoking, drinking beer&wine, and drinking coffee.6. Get 8hours of sleep each night.7. Hang out with people who want to be healthy.8. Avoid anything with High Fructose Corn Syrup.9. Look into taking a multi-vitamin.Tone up the muscles:1. Join a gym and get a trainer.2. If you???re short on cash, start a light stretching&yoga regimen.3. Do push-ups, and light dumbbell curls for the upper body.4. As I said above, walk, run, swim, and or bike5. Take an aerobics class, a yoga class, or some other fitness class.6. Join the local YMCA.7. Buy or borrow this book by Bill Pearl called GETTING STRONGER.In the book, he describes everything you need for a great fitness plan.8. Crunches&Curl ups for the abs.Mental Health:1. Get a friend to talk to each day about your feelings.2. If you have some money or insurance, get a counselor to talk to.3. Learn how to meditate.4. Join a support group for the issue you???re dealing with.5. Ask your Higher Self (or God) for guidance.6. Start keeping a diary or journal about your feelings&thoughts.7. Write a ???gratitude??? list every night.8. Do something that makes you happy each day like: listen to your favorite music, draw, paint, write, or anything creative.9. Do something for someone else who needs help.10. If the above suggestions don t improve your mental health, talk with your therapist about the possibility of taking some medication.11. Check out the book FEELING GOOD by David Burns.Take care of yourselfYam King
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63919
Side bends, side planks, and a combination of any exercise that work your hips, lower back and thighs should get you right.  That and maybe your pants are a lil too tight.  No matter people s size, I ve never seen anyone with a muffin top who was wear the right size and cut of pants. Perhaps your s are a little low?

QUESTION ID: L4L3LZLASFZ24BR
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does bottled water in USA taste different than in other countries? Is there a secret ingredient that the?
QUESTION CONTENT: bottled water manufacturers secretly add into the water to make it has no taste ?  I ve always does water suppose to have a taste or not?  Any water experts out there, please clarify.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75449
I remember watching a vid withe a guy bringing a couple all sorts of bottled water from around the world. I mean we re talking $10 a bottle, but he let them sample them all. They noticed extreme differences to their liking.His trick? Taking different shaped bottles into the back and filling them with hose water.My point? It s pretty much a placebo effect. Kind of like seeing what you want to see ya know? I m willing to bet that if you took a drink of one bottle, then the next, then were blind folded and drank each out of the glass, people couldn t pick the right one if you say had 6 bottles and had to do it 1,000 times. Because really, water is water. Spring water is clean, and that s why it will be better to a degree, but filtered water of the same temperature is just as good.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24155
taste of H2o? it depends on the source.In New York City. it is well water from deep down in the ground. very good tasting water. In southern calilfornia the water comes from surface Colorado river aqueduct water not compleltly safe to drink. well it is safe because the bottlers purify it. but it tastes terrible. if you drink the water from the swiss alps taste is wonderful. the bottling companies do some purifying which alters the taste.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24156
Water will always pick up the odors that surround it. Some are hard to remove, even with the fitration that all bottled water undergoes. Some companies may add a different odor to cover up the negative odor that their water may contain after filtered. Others don t bother with the odor and that s what you taste. Water will pick up the minerals surrounding it, whether it s sulpherous rocks or salt. Water at my uncle s house tasted like Alka Seltzer (and looked sorta like it too) right out of his tap and he had well water. The water we got out of our well was the greatest I had ever had, with an almost sweet taste, even when you drank it at room temperature, which is the best taste test that you can put water through. Though I m not a water expert, I know what my taste buds like.<*)))><

QUESTION ID: L538G82V4MVHFA5
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is it that life is sometimes cruel to those people who is not supposed to suffer because they are good?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84531
Life is never cruel - its just the way you look at it. Either you look at it with a positive attitude in which case you see life in a beautiful way or you look at it dissapointed with what may have happend to oneself without any fault of your part. Its a very strange world. Most religions teach you various things as to why people who have never done anything wrong suffer and others who have done nothing but being a menace to society live to ripe old ages with no health problems.In Hinduism - It is Karma - where one is paying for all the sins in the past life. Its believed you cleanse yourself of all those sins and are reborn a new person. It also claims that being a Man is the last birth after which there are no more incanations and hence you have to pay for all your sins in this.In Budhism - they tell you that you are the Buddha reborn to take on the worlds problems on your shoulders. You learn to accept all the good with the cruel and see life in a very different way.It is similer in Christianity, Islam or any other religion.At the end of the day - its the other person who looks at you and says why has life been so cruel to you? Well, I never had the time for my family. I never ever see my sons grown into fine young teenagers, I did not keep falling in love with my wife again and again and telling her that I love her. I hardly ever saw my widowed mother and strangely enough living in the same house. My work ment the world to me and I would spend almost 14/16 hours working and at times never go home for a few days. I would be travelling withen the country or abroad the rest of the time. That was cruelty on my part. Then came the crunch when I was diagnosed with cancer in its last stages where doctors did not give me a chance to survive. Its been six years now since I last had a sip of water or eat anything solid orally as my wind and food passage have closed down. I breathe through a hole in my throat. Has life been fair to me? I could mope all all day or take this opportunity to now see my sons grow in young men, see my eldest son shave for the first time and so on. It  has given me the opportunity to spend spend more time and that too quality time with my wife and time to tell her how much I love her. I have now found to thank my mum for being my mum. I have learnt to look at life in a very different way and trust me its beautiful. The pain one feels is in the mind and once you conquer that - you will realise that life is never cruel but is a lesson to each and evryone of us.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35378
It s a test, apparently.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35379
To build character, patience, and understanding. Also, to become empathetic to others who may suffer.

QUESTION ID: L55SQXRXDCY583Y
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8194
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencountersparticles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsetsin equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8195
Light comes from the sun, and when hitting a chemical in the air, we see the sky as blue!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8196
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78364
honestly people should stop dignifing these types of questions with real responses...these questions disgrace the whole idea of this thing.  Also if these people want to search teh answers to teh same dumb question it would probably save them time!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78365
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.

QUESTION ID: L5AFMX3L2J4YDSW
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why have they found a potential cure for prostate cancer but not for breast cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 873
Sometimes I just think medical professionals give more weight to men s issues than women s !!!   Seriously, I have no idea, but it galls me that even though almost 50% of men will develop prostate cancer if they live long enough, doctors would never suggest they have it removed prophylactically.  However, doctors have no problem in suggesting women take out their uterus and ovaries ( so you won t have to worry about cancer ) when only a very small percentage of women will actually develop it.  Seems they are more concerned about preserving a man s sexual enjoyment than a woman s.   Just my ranting opinion.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54056
have patience=they are discovering more every daybreast cancer will have a cure found for it too
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86302
It doesn t make sense, does it?You might find this interesting, so I m sending it along--Five hundred years ago, people said the world was flat. Today, people say that if the FDA and AMA haven t blessed something, it can t be real good. Well, here s something I know to be real AND good. It s a little different take on cancer treatment--In 1990, I had Hodgkin s Lymphoma, stage 3-B, but I ve survived. My doctors were great people, but they were limited to surgery, chemo and radiation by profitable AMA treatment policy. During the year in treatment, I started learning about alternative medicine. I m a retired engineer, and this is what I ve pieced together--our IMMUNE SYSTEMS become weakened by poor nutrition, lack of exercise and reduced oxygen. Once that happens, our body becomes vulnerable to common STRESSORS. Stressors can be environmental, like viruses, heavy metals, pesticides, food additives, electromagnetic waves or pollution. They can be internal things like emotional or job stress, or poisonous people in our lives. Aging is also a contributing factor. So this means:               WEAK IMMUNE SYSTEM  +  STRESSORS  =  DISEASE  (cancer, diabetes, heart disease, etc.) Our bodies have 60 trillion--yes, trillion--cells, and there are always some mutating into cancer cells, but a healthy immune system kills them before they have a chance to get a foothold in the body. It takes a LONG time, usually, or a high level of stressors, to weaken the immune system to the point where it won t do its job, but once cancer has formed, it will generally spread rapidly.THIS IS IMPORTANT! There are ways to BEAT cancer that are currently being used in Europe and around the world, and there are some great books on the subject. I know because I ve read about 50 of them  from cover to cover. Here s a list of the best ones. Some are out of print and  getting hard to find-- The Cure for All Cancers , ISBN 0963632825 The Cure for All Advanced Cancers , ISBN 1890035165 A Cancer Therapy , ISBN 0882681052 Oxygen Therapies , ISBN 0962052701 Hydrogen Peroxide--Medical Miracle , ISBN 1885236077 The Natural Cure for Cancer--Germanium , ISBN 0533071410 Killing Cancer , ISBN 0705000966 Natural Cures They Don t Want You to Know About , ISBN 0975599518I know of people whose cancer has spontaneously remitted (WENT AWAY for no known reason) AFTER they went on programs of herbs and nutrition to restart their immune systems. You and your family must look out for yourselves to stand a chance of being healthy. This is not a joke, and I m not selling anything--just trying to help.  I am using the things I learned in those books right now to fight off a second infestation of cancer. I ve been at it for over a year now, and think I m going to make it. Use what works for you, and pass on your success. Best of luck.AMA AND FDA--The American Medical Association (AMA) and the pharmaceutical companies control medical law and the FDA in this country with heavy lobbying and a revolving door policy. WHY would they want to do this? It s about the money. In 2006, medicine (doctors, hospitals, researchers and pharmaceutical firms) received 2.1 TRILLION dollars--15% of the total earnings (GNP 13.7 trillion) in the U.S. This is astounding! It means MILLIONS of people worked the whole year just to pay the nation s medical expenses!! That s totally astounding, and just too big to care about individuals. Watch the film at this website--http://www.altcancer.com/vidgal.htm#hoxsey

QUESTION ID: L7FLNW5S203XOPR
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did the world begin?
QUESTION CONTENT: Does anyone really know, and does anyone believe in life after death, or that you will come back again? I m scared of dying is anyone else scared out there?  I think it s because I don t know how it s going to happen!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 1200
It is a mystery only explainable though myth and assumption.  You have to research for yourself to find the answer that suits you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44717
Hello,(ANS) Your asking several complex questions here, a) how did our universe originate, or b) how did life on earth begin. c) what is death&dying and what will happen to me?No.1 The universe originates from out of the primal void, it was created from a single (singularity or single point of origin) massive big bang event and this has been calculated to have taken place approximately 200 billion years ago. From this single massive event all time, space, gravity, planets, our sun are formed.No.2 The earth itself formed after the big bang event, from a mass or spherical molten mass that cooled into a planet with a solid surface i.e. land mass. This took place an estimated 60-70 billion years ago.No.3 ALL human beings fear death, not so much bodily death. But we fear our ego s death. The death of what makes us me or you, what makes us unique peoplewith distinctive personalities. Its ego death that we fear most of all.**death is extremely hard to really comprehend unless you have lost someone close to you (mother, father, sister,brother, lover, partner,etc). The dead person has a body that is completely different from the living, that the life force really has gone, the body is cold to the touch and so forth. The body does seem very shell like with only echo s of the living person left behind it is hard to explain really.Ivan
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44718
When the mind is at the physical level of consciousness it senses fear, when it is also at mental level it senses wonder, but when human consciousness transcends to spiritual planes in being its senses of wonder is replaced by divine love and longing for excellence. Thus the content of human mind are not entirely based upon knowledge; we need our beliefs to fulfil the requirements of our original spiritual mind.Your question reveals a great deal about these contents in your mind. For instance, it is ironic that you are afraid of the end but question about the beginning of it all. You wonder if someone ever comes back to live again. Your sense of wonder here is in fact a smart remedy that your subconscious mind has sought for the fear of dying - lets assume for instance that someone does come back to live again, then wouldn???t that person be living a life terminable by death yet again? Where then is the fear of death in this wish to relive?This is very true that pain is associated with the scare of death, but I do not think this is all that makes death is so frightening in the mind. The pain of dying cannot be more than the equivalents of pleasure we induce in life. We cannot enjoy food, for instance, beyond certain limits in appetite. Likewise, we can take just so much of all pleasures in life. I think it is the unknown that makes us afraid. It would be like a thought of jumping into the darkest void with eyes closed. I could not, for instance, walk with my eyes closed more then few seconds in the middle of an empty football pitch. I think when death comes we normally pass quickly through our physical plane into higher plane of existence where actual matter of dying takes place, the shift and transportation into some other reality in existence etc. Then if my mind has some realisation of a spiritual existence beyond the physical, then that reality soon would comeinto sight after the world of physical reality has all but disappeared.The question of the beginning of the world has many true answers, or wordy interpretations of the reality, but for here it is the world that began with our displaced from the pure spiritual plane into the physical; with our mind cast to have high intellectual abilities so that we may find our safe way back into an eternal reality.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55550
Dont worry about it!! its going to happen no matter what!!Live life to the full just in case this is your only chance at it!!No body no s !!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55551
the cooling of gasses to solids.some people do.some people are.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55552
Nobody knows! The big bang theory is strangly enough a theory. That means its not fact! So we don t know! So its pointles trying! I mean - should you know how the world began it won t change anything cos then you d want to know where did the raw materials come from that made the world! Do you see what I men!I believe that there is an afterlife, and I think any one who doesn t is really strange? If this is it, why?And being scared of dying is normal for the reasons you state and because it is a survival mechanism. How would you survive day to day living if you didn t have fear!You couldn t negotiate a busy road without fear! (That is why more teenagers get knocked down more than any other age group- the feel invinsible, esp boys!!)So fear is good! and necessary!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55553
The world began when you drew your first breath.  It is renewed every time you wake up from dream and remember who you really are.

QUESTION ID: LA0JB1Z364MSJTC
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why would my African-American ancestors list Ethiopian under race on their WWI Draft registration cards?
QUESTION CONTENT: They were not immigrants. Their grandfather was born in North Carolina in 1804. They listed natural-born [American]citizens as their nationalities. They were farm laborers in Osceola, Arkansas who could read and write, but were not well-educated.  Ethiopia was not generally regarded as a source of African slaves because of its placement on the continent.  It also seems unlikely that poorly-educated blacks would have just pulled Ethiopian out of thin air.  Two of them wrote it themselves (i.e., in their own handwriting), on two different registration dates (six months apart), before two different registration officers.  Is there something about Black History that I may be missing is resolving this issue?  Thanks in advance for your best relevant guesses.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 80499
 Ethiopian was a general term back then, I believe; Edward Edwards and his Ethiopian Quartet or An Ethiopian gentleman to see you, Ma am . It had more class than Negro , since Ethiopia was an indpendent nation and the rest of sub-saharan Africa was divided into colonies owned by European nations.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28534
When the German anthropologist Johann Friedrich Blumenbach created his racial classification system in 1775, he listed Ethiopian as the so-called black race.  The term Ethiopian was later changed to Black, but indigenous Native Black Americans were called Colored.  Then with the immigration of Negroes into the USA after 1868, the racial classification of Colored was changed to Negro on the 1950 US Census.  And now since 1997 in the USA via the Office of Budget and Management, Black = Negro = African American = Haiti.  Your ancestors simply wrote down what they had been told to do by those from within our community pretending to be of our indigneous Native Black American race. They wrote down Ethiopian, understanding that to mean black people.Our indigneous Native Black American ancestors never came from Africa, as we are a mixed race Shemetic-Cushite people.  Nor did the immigrant Negroes of european Yaphetite ancestry come from Africa,  who call themselves Africans or African Americans or Haitians or Jamaicans or West Indies, etc..  Our ancestors were the original indigenous Americans who fought the Spanish and the British and lost and were enslaved and not freed until the Civil War ended in 1865 via the Emancipation Proclamation.  Our mixed race of Black Indians are the Shemetic Native Americans, the Yamases (Israelites or Jews sent to start a colony in the Americans) and the American Cushites who migrated northward from Mexico where their ancestors had built the first civilization in North America. These American Cushites have been wrongly labeled as Negroes from West Africa or Olmec by the present political status quo. Negroes (or the original Celtics of western europe) were brought to the USA in small groups as indentured servants so the Emancipation Proclamation had no effect on them.  Our ancestors were systematically misclassified to deny them any restoration of their ancestral homelands.  As after the assassiantion of President Lincoln, the proposed homeland for freed slaves was revoked and the political campaign to misclassify our indigneous Native Black American race or Black Indians began and is on-going today.

QUESTION ID: LCHKIRDQL7CE7U4
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you reach personal inner peace?
QUESTION CONTENT: I keep searching.I would appreciate all cruel answers to just go on your way.  I left my Mom at the hospital where she is undergoing cancer treatment and she is deathly ill.  How does one maintain a peaceful feeling when you watch someone you love suffer?Peace to all,andTo all Good Night.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1243
You will find your personal inner peace throughcourage and strength. I understand how difficult it is. I spent 33 days in the hospital with my son (4 days in ICU) when he was first diagnosed with stage IV abdominal sarcoma. I thought I would never laugh again. We were all devastated and terribly traumatized. In all honesty, I did not know you could live your daily life in such terror. My sons attitude during this whole ordeal made a big difference. He was never angry, even though he was only 17 years old and filled with cancer. He had to endure and be humbled by his illness so many times that first month. He showed us how to be courageous . . to live one day at a time. To literally stay in the moment and not worry about tomorrow or next week or next year.I came to the horrific realization that we had no choice about what was happening. The cancer was there and we had to deal with the reality of it. So, I began to research . . and that was hard because most of the information was beyond grim. It took me weeks to be able to read every bitof information about his disease. It took months for me to even begin to understand some of what was written. But, it helps to know as much as you possibly can about treatment options. It helps to join a support group when you feel like your head is going to explode. And, it help enormously that you love this person with all your heart. They will keep you going. When you are with your mother give her all your love, attention, and positive spirit that you can. Do not look into the future, concentrate on how she is right at the moment you are with her. Do all you can to comfort her in those moments. And, enjoy her.My son is still here with me. He has been fighting this rotten disease for two and a half years. He has had three major surgeries, 9 months of high dose chemotherapy, and about 18 months of low dose chemo. Each obstacle we have faced together. And you and your Mom will too.If you are religous than you might find comfort in your church. Or at the hospital, you might ask to talk with a medical social worker (they often work in oncology units and clinics) or join a support group like the ones offered at Cancer Care:Cancer Carehttp://www.cancercare.org/Sometimes talking will help.Stay strong.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17421
go to sleep and wake up.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17444
Just think how much better off they will be. Lost both of my parents at a young age.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45445
I m sorry Mom. There is no answer that I know for this question. I personally couldn t find any solace through such an ordeal. If it were me, I would just try to make the most of the time you have left with her. However long that may be. Regardless of it s a day, a month, or years to come. You have a long time to cope with this issue, but your time with her may be limited, so cherish each and every moment. I m sorry I can t help you with an answer to your question, but please know that you and your family are in my prayers tonight. Slide in baby, together we ll flyI ve tried praying but I don t know what you re saying to meNow that you re mine,We ll find a wayOf chasing the sunLet me be the oneWho shines with youIn the morning, we don t know what to doWe re two of a kindWe ll find a way to do what we ve doneLet me be the one Who shines with youAnd we can slide away.-Oasis

QUESTION ID: LCLS1YKYWCIV5VA
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people feel sleepy after eating?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16647
Because tired of eating lool.Well because your body is too heavy and cant do much so you feel exausted until the food is really digested.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25407
If you feel sleepy after eating, particularly after sweet or bakery products, you are normal. Eating sugary foods causes your brain to make large amounts of the neurotransmitter, serotonin, that makes people fall asleep naturally at night. Eating sugary foods or those made from flour, such as bakery products or pastas, causes blood sugar to rise higher than normal. This causes your pancreas to release large amounts of insulin, which drives one of the protein building blocks called tryptophan from your bloodstream into your brain, where it is converted to serotonin that makes you feel sleepy. Many people can avoid feeling sleepy after eating by restricting foods high in sugar and flour. When it is important for you to be alert, eat foods that do not cause a high rise in blood sugar, such as vegetable salads, nuts, seeds, meat, fish and chickenBut actually different foods would have different effects on diffeent individuals to diffeent extent.for example some people get active just after having one servings of cofee where as some others wouls require more than one servings to swing mood.

QUESTION ID: LDDEMMMYBLPHF7X
QUESTION SUBJECT: How will book seven of Harry Potter be? (read details, i have alot to ask)?
QUESTION CONTENT: will harry be out of hogwarts all the time trying to destroy the horocuxes? or will he stay in hogwarts? does he bring ron/hermionie/ginny with him anywhere? how will minerva teach? who will be the head of house for Harry then?who is the new DADA teacher? i think j.k. rowling s supposedly last book will be long. or will she make an eigth book? when will book 7 come out?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77679
I ll answer your questions in order (from the details section):  No, he ll probably spend at least some time at Hogwartz.  I feel Minerva and others have some important facts to reveal that they ve kept from him until now.  Ron may not be present at these adventures, but Hermione almost certaintly will be.  Remember how Serius called her the most talented which of her age ?  Also, her ability to command spells will make her a valuable assett, not to mention she s full of random knowledge.  Remember all of the times she quoted seemingly random facts and figures from her reading?  Well, J.K Rowling is known for sprinkling hints and I wouldn t be surprised if one of those Hermione show-off moments might have been showing us that Hermione knows some obscure fact that will prove decisive in the final battle.  While I m on the subject of students, I think something very important is going to happen to Draco in book 7.  I don t think she ll kill him off (I mean, he is a kid after all) but he ll play a surprisingly key role in the final battle, but not one Harry s side; but not on Voldemort s either... As for Minerva and the other teachers, they may not have many students left to teach.  Now that the Wizarding World is essentially in open war, many parents may keep their children home.  However, the students who remain will be given a very no-holds barred education, I think.  As for the Head of Gryfyndor House, this will probably still be Minera acting in dual capacity (as Rowling as said many times no new major characters will be revealed).  DADA will probably take centre stage and the students may learn from a seminar style of classes taught by all of the professors sharing insight on their areas of expertise.  I wouldn t be surprised if Umbridge makes an appearance here, send as a Ministry observer in the wake of the chaos.  I don t think there will be an 8th book, because Rowling has said that the main sequence ends after book 7.   Book 7 is expected sometime in the year 2007 or early 2008, if she keeps up her past release scheduling gaps.  And this is a minor tangent, but remember when I noted that Rowling said that no new major characters will be revealed? Well, that means that R.A.B MUST then be someone whom we already know... someone whom, after you read the name, you ll slap yourself and say Duh! How obvious! I can t wait for that!  Anyway, that s all I got.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10342
I don t read Harry Potter, but seeing the movies, I bet that 7 will be awesome! Hope this helped!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26229
well idk about those questions but i can predict hows its going to end for you if thats ok? i think it could be one of these things.A) harry and voldemort kill eachother b) harry kills malfoy, voldemort kills harry, and neville kills voldemortc) malfoy becmes harry s friend and try to kill voldemort just as neville steps in and does it for them.d)dumbledore comes back and helps (who ever) kill voldemort once and for all
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26230
My opinions?will harry be out of hogwarts all the time trying to destroy the horocuxes? or will he stay in hogwarts? Of course he will be trying to, and will suceeed at destorying the horcruxes in the end, unless he figures out some other ingenious way to destroy Voldemort. However, I think Rowling is too absorbed in her formula of plot to not have Harry begin his year at Hogwarts. So I asume he ll start out as he has in the last 6 books and end up in another deadly adventure, perhaps a bit sooner than usual.does he bring ron/hermionie/ginny with him anywhere?Yes. Again, it s all part of the pattern. Ron and Hermione are main characters along with Harry; they need to be in his adventure, or fans are upset, as is the story itself. how will minerva teach? who will be the head of house for Harry then?I d have to guess that she won t teach beyond being headmistress. That s a big job in itself. A new character will most likely be introduced as both the Transfiguration teacher and the Gryffindor head of house. Perhaps someone we are already familiar with? who is the new DADA teacher? The new DADA teacher will have to be a new character all together. She s already had trators and friends and idiots...I would say someone Dumbledore-sh, except that Harry needs to be alone in his final battle, so a fatherly figure wouldn t do. How about a women? Tonks?i think j.k. rowling s supposedly last book will be long. or will she make an eigth book? No. She has promised that her seventh is her last, although she said it s possible she would write something branching off, I believe. And definately look for non-Hogwarts related tales in the future.when will book 7 come out?3 and a half years? I honestly feel the need to say more like 7, but I suppose her publishers are forcing it out before then.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26231
I ve heard a few (crazy) theories on Book 7. (and am dying to hear news about when Book 7 will be coming out. I hope it s soon!) First, Hogwarts will (most likely) be closed due to the death of Dumbledore ,so school won t get in the way of the destroying Horcruxes business. Ron + Hermoine are probably going to join him.

QUESTION ID: LEEVL7XHJSKWDKP
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does nuclear fission work and how s that different from nuclear fussion?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75092
the nuclear fision is mainly carried out in an atomic reactor. It is an process in which a nucleus of heavy atoms like Uranium splits into two nuclei of smaller masses and a large amount of energy is produced. This energy is known as nuclear energy.The Nuclear Fusion is the process in which the nuclei of two different elements fuse or combine to form one and huge amount of energy is produced. This process takes place in Sun.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75093
fusion is when two nuclei are smashed together so hard, they combine into a single larger nucleus.  if the nuclei are small, this will release some energy.fission on the other hand is when a single nucleus splits down the middle into two separate smaller nuclei.  if the original nucleus is large, this will release energy!what s the difference?  it s all about what you start with, whether they re small or large.  what do i mean by small and large?  small is things like hydrogen, helium - atomic masses of 1-4 or so.  large is stuff like uranium, plutonium - atomic masses of 235, 238, etc.  so as you start putting a nucleus together out of protons and neutrons, you actually release energy as you keep adding more and more, working your way up the periodic table until you reach iron - the most stable nucleus.  similarly, if you start with a large  nucleus and start removing a proton or a neutron, that also releases energy until you get to iron.the energy released is carried away by photons - light - and by the nuclear particles themselves which go zooming away at high speed.  these high-energy particles can be used to heat water for turning turbines in a power plant.  they can also be used in a chain reaction - each fission reaction of a single nucleus causes 3 other nuclei to react in the same way, which cause 9 other nuclei to react, which cause 27 other nuclei to react, which causes 81, 243, 729, 2187, etc.. before you know it you have a nuclear explosion on your hands!more information at the links below.

QUESTION ID: LFZYMH05QN0ZRPM
QUESTION SUBJECT: how did the u.s. first react to world war one? how did they get involved? n what was their preparations 4 it?
QUESTION CONTENT: if u can, please include website where u found the answer. if not...make sure yer facts r tru.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2705
At first the United States stayed neutral. President Wilson ran for re election during the war (1916) promising to stay out of the war. The country was full of isolationist that didn t want to fight. As stated above the sinking of many ships by German U boats is one of the major reasons for them joining the war. The Lusitania was sunk in 1915, and it carried Americans and Europeans. This angered many including former President Roosevelt, but it didn t quite bring them towards war. What really did it was the Zimmerman telegram. The telegram was sent from Germany to Mexico stating that if they fought in the war with the Germans they would give Mexico back the land that the Americans had taken in the Mexican-American War (1848). This telegram was discovered in 1917 and sent America tumbling into war. Although they never formally became an Allied power. The war would be won the next year. How did the Americans prepare for it? Well America had a very powerful military with advanced technology at the time. I can only say that they were only unprepared in the weapons front. They had to use foreign weapons, unlike in the second world war where they carried American made weapons, they choose the wrong weapons and it hurt them in some ways. An example would be a French light machine gun that featured a clip for bullets on the bottom. The clip was open to the environment and it would collect dirt and mud and jam frequently. American dough boy s would abandon the guns as soon as they found a replacement off of dead Germans, etc.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2706
The sinking of the Lusitania and the outrage of German use of mustard gas

QUESTION ID: LHN5C5HVHL1K1TW
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I polish or sand a glass tube in order to increase its inner diameter?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have two glass tubes; one male, and one female. My problem is that the female end has an inner diameter that is very slightly too small, or that the male end has an outer diameter that is slightly too wide. I have to work on these two components because I already spent the money on them... so what to I use to sand em down? I need something with which to grind down the glass of either piece by just a half of a millimeter or so.Since they re tubes, it would be easier to reduce the diameter of the outside of the male end, but there is less glass to work with. The thicker female component would be preferable, but then there s the issue of managing to grind the inner surface of a tube. The diameter in question is just a tad over a half an inch, and the length needed is about an inch and a half.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7256
Hmmm.My FIRST question is - why grind?Can you heat the female end making it soft the push it over some expanding mandrel? Or do you need to maintain the OD of the female end as well?If you are grinding -Well, you abrasive needs to be harder than the glass.  Aluminum Oxide is a good choice.  (The gray or blue rock).  Not garnet (the orangey rock).Lapping compoundwill be safer, but slower.At the end of the day, you are going to choose to spin the female or spin the abrasive.  So you need to be confident the centerlines are maintained and you don t introduce runout by grinding more on one side than the other.  Spinning the female tube is the answer to help that.  If you can t chuck the female up in something to spin it, you will need to spin the abrasive.  And you will need something to maintain your centers.You COULD bevel the end of the male a bit and lap them together.  But you would lose OD on the male end.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7257
Supposedly you can do it VERY, VERY carefully. This is the kind of operation where you need a specialist. I would ask a professional glass blower/instrument maker to help you. They have the experience and the necessary tools and materials. I believe glass is usually ground ultrasonically with soft iron tools and suitable abrasives. The tools abrade faster than the glass and are fed at a slight but constant pressure against the glass surface. The whole operation will probably take a couple of hours.

QUESTION ID: LI5QES4PPOOW2VD
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do heart burns feel?
QUESTION CONTENT: Hello I need to know.I am having tightness of the chest.Is it heartburns.Yesterday it made me cry.Do you think it something wrong with my heart?Or just heartburns.Plus I got heart problems.I had open heart surgery in 2004.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87566
Symptoms of Gastro-Esophageal Reflex Disease (GERD).    * Heartburn          # Involves a burning pain in the chest (under the breastbone)          # Increased by bending, stooping, lying down, or eating          # Relieved by antacids          # More frequent or worse at night    * Belching    * Regurgitation of food    * Nausea and vomiting    * Vomiting blood    * Hoarseness or change in voice    * Sore throat    * Difficulty swallowing    * Cough or wheezingTo prevent heartburn, avoid foods and beverages that may trigger your symptoms. These include alcohol, caffeine, carbonated beverages, chocolate, citrus fruits and juices, tomatoes, tomato sauces, spicy or fatty foods, full-fat dairy products, peppermint, and spearmint.Also, try the following changes to your eating habits and lifestyle:    * Don t smoke    * Sleep with your head raised about 6 inches    * Lose weight if you are overweight    * Reduce stress    * Avoid garments or belts that fit tightly around your waist    * Drink plenty of fluids    * Avoid bending over or exercising just after eating    * DO NOT lie down with a full stomach. For example, avoid eating within 2-3 hours of bedtime    * Eat smaller mealsPlease see the web pages for more details on Heartburn and GERD.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69739
It could be heartburn. But you are dealing with your heart here! I would go to the doctor just to make sure it isn t anything serious.

QUESTION ID: LITGR80ER41ZGLG
QUESTION SUBJECT: einstein said that if something could travel at a light speed, its mass would duplicate. how could it be?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77796
Einstein indicated that as a mass particle or object (not a photon) approaches the speed of light (not ever actually reaching the speed of light) its mass increases to inifity.Einstein s equation is E = mc2 (energy is equivalent to the mass m times the speed of light c squared).  That means that if you take a pound of mass and multiply it by c squared (a huge number!) it equals an incredible amount of energy or that it takes an incredible amount of energy to create a pound of mass.  It takes energy to accelerate a mass and that energy is add to the mass of the object using Einstein s equation.  As you approach the speed of light, there is nowhere enough energy available to accelerate to the constant speed of light, but the mass of the object has increased almost without limit because of the energy you have already added to it.For illustration only, you can use your car to push a Buddy s broken car from a dead stop.  Little effort is required and even people could push the car.  But, if your car has a top speed of say 129 MPH, how could you ever push your Buddy s car at exactly 129 MPH?  You could only do so if his car was weightless and without wind resistance (actually an imaginary car).In our problem near the speed of light, what could go fast enough to push say our spacecraft (or even a proton)?  light waves (photons) could bounce off the rear of the spacecraft and push it faster.  However, as the speed of light is approached closer and closer the photons would give up less and less energy as they bounced and it would take an infinite amount of photons to actually cause the rocket ship to reach the speed of light and each photon would contribute something to the mass of the rocket ship using Einstein s equation.  Hope this helps a little.  The relativistic math that physicists use to solve this problem is clear but complicated and that is your next step.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26316
there is nohting like this!... ilike einstein but realls he some times confused :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26317
it doesnt duplicate, just gets larger and larger, the faster you go.  the lorentz factor, which i described briefly in your last question, applies to mass.  mass increases by that factor: m =m/sqrt(1-v^2/c^2) where m is the stationay mass and m is the new mass for the object moving at the velocities.  as you can see, this effect is neglagible unless you are moving really really close to the speed of light...

QUESTION ID: LKM0MFG45VMCSN3
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is that we have not evoloved?
QUESTION CONTENT: if we were apes. and evolved. why have we not evolved now??does this mean that we have reached out end of line..This question makes me think god did make us.????can anyone shed some ligt?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10644
What do you mean we have not evolved ???The first humans were very much different from what we look like these days-more hairs, different calva, smaller brain and many other things. Of course we have evolved!!!But don t expect to see it happening before your eyes. Evolution is a concentration of many small changes to our genome thus a procedure that takes many many years to be obvious...Also, it never stops, there is no end of line . It s a constant adaptation of organisms to the surrounding environment. Since the environment changes, all organisms do so too.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14428
i answered this question just a minute ago...here...http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AhWy.ndkqIa_hp3pqa3pYpnsy6IX?qid=20070630065807AAnxO1p&show=7#profile-info-TQOVizbsaa
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44529
The amount of time it takes to evolve into a new species (for mammals, that is) is at least 50,000 years. This is long enough that recorded history is too short to see speciation. If you look back that long ago, you do see Neandertals, for example. If you go back about 150,000 years, you see Peking Man. To really see evolution in action you have to look at these longer time spans.However, the genetics of humans has changed over historical time. For example, the overbite that most caucasians have only appeared in the last 1000 years or so.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44530
Evolution is a *slow* process, destinee!This is like standing in front of a redwood tree for 15 minutes and saying If this tree is actually growing, as the scientists say, then I ve been standing here for 15 minutes and I haven t seen it grow at all! Humans are evolving today ... but at a pace far slower than human lifetimes ... in fact, slower than human history.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44532
It isn t that we WERE apes; we ARE apes. Under the system of classification currently in use, that s what we are. There are other kinds of apes, obviously, and we share a common ancestor with them, from which humans branched off millions of years ago. As for why we aren t evolving now, that s another misconception. We are evolving. You, and everyone else on Earth, are transitional forms between h. sapiens sapiens, the species name for us, and whatever our evolutionary descendants will be classified as. Evolution occurs over a much longer span of time than an average human s life, so it s not possible to observe changes as they happen; one can only do that by an examination of the fossil record. As for being at the end of some line, until a species goes extinct, without descendants, evolution of that species never ends. New mutations are always accumulating in populations, and the environment an individual of a species finds itself in determines whether those mutations are beneficial or harmful. Below is a truly excellent resource for those who have questions about evolution, and want honest, scientific answers to them. The mainstream scientific view is presented, and a wealth of links is provided to other opinions on the topic, i.e. creationism.http://www.talkorigins.org/I hope you find it as informative as I have.David K. - It is incorrect to say that we use only ten percent of our brains, yet another common misconception. We use our entire brain (well, maybe not everyone), just not all at once. fMRI studies have proved this.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44533
1)  this is obviously in the wrong section.  should be under religion.2)  you really need to take biology, if you re gonna play with adults.3)  evolution involves individual members of a species, not the whole species, unless you count what happened to neandertals.4) every living person on the planet today has a single female in his/her linage.  all of the descendants of every other female living at that time did not survive.  so you need to be careful.  if there is a sufficiently beneficial mutation, it will be the demise of all the other 6 billion of us, and our children.shall we look at human mutation today? In 1980, a man from a small town called Limone Sul Garda in northern Italy went to a doctor for some problem, not heart related.Testing of his blood showed very high levels of triglycerides, and very low levels of HDL, the good form of cholesterol. By all rights, the man should have either been dead from, or in imminent danger of a heart attack. But his arteries were clear.Analysis of his blood showed he had a very special form of Lipoprotein, a type of HDL. And further work with this particular type of Lipoprotein revealed astounding results.of the forty or fifty people in that tiny Italian town, all descended from a man born in 1760, a man who had a small change in his genes, not a single one has yet to die from heart disease! http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news... http://www.lbl.gov/science-articles/arch... http://abcnews.go.com/wnt/health/story?i... yep, sure sounds like someone is evolving.don t you wish it were your family?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44534
Evolution is continuing, but it s difficult to pinpoint the important selection pressures, given that our population is now so unified, and so large.Evolution favors those who have children.  The trend in childbearing these days is that women with educations and careers have fewer children than those who don t.  You can expect that if this continues, then some generations forward in the future, women will be less interested careers and educations.  [Feminists, think before you knee-jerk thumbs down this.  You ve observed this trend, haven t you?]Edit:I see a lot of hogwash from the other responders, who should know better.We did indeed evolve from apes.  An ape is an ape.  If I showed you a picture of that common ancestor, you d say great ape, hitherto undescribed species. Similarly, we did indeed evolve from monkeys.  A monkeyis a monkey, and we call the monkeys from 20 million years ago monkeys. If I showed you a picture of that common ancestor, you d say Old World monkey, unknown species. So, biology buffs, get it straight.  We evolved from monkeys and apes -- but not MODERN ones.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55503
give it just a little more time. like a few billion years. evolution doesn t happen over night. It takes a long long time

QUESTION ID: LKTLQ7OQD2ES6NO
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to lower my triglycerides?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 1721
Changes in lifestyle habits are the main therapy for hypertriglyceridemia. These are the changes you need to make:???If you re overweight, cut down on calories to reach your ideal body weight. This includes all sources of calories, from fats, proteins, carbohydrates and alcohol.  ???Reduce the saturated fat, trans fat and cholesterol content of your diet.  ???Reduce your intake of alcohol considerably. Even small amounts of alcohol can lead to large changes in plasma triglyceride levels.  ???Be physically active for at least 30 minutes on most or all days each week.  ???People with high triglycerides may need to substitute monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats ??? such as those found in canola oil, olive oil or liquid margarine ??? for saturated fats. Substituting carbohydrates for fats may raise triglyceride levels and may decrease HDL ( good ) cholesterol in some people.  ???Substitute fish high in omega-3 fatty acids instead of meats high in saturated fat like hamburger. Fatty fish like mackerel, lake trout, herring, sardines, albacore tuna and salmon are high in omega-3 fatty acids.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 58112
Eat more vegetables and less meat, eggs&cheese.

QUESTION ID: LKWVQKIOONIZ08G
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the Sky Blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: I know that the sky is made of several colored gases, with blue being the most prominent, buy WHY is it the most prominent?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76833
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground.  Ifthe dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30169
it reflects the color of the ocean.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30170
The light is blue do to the way radiation from the sun hits the earths atmosphere(excuse the spelling)

QUESTION ID: LKZEYR2SZKSREUR
QUESTION SUBJECT: Do you suffer from depression? How do you deal with it?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m on prozac. Doesn t really help though.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 63118
i recommend seeing a psychiatrist and getting their opinion.. they may be able to suggest different medications if needed or alternatives to medications if you would like.. and talk therapy is very beneficial.. the best thing about a therapist is that they don t know you.. therefore they don t have any personal opinions towards you.. so you get honest, unbiased help.. one of the best depression/anxiety relievers i can recommend is exercise.. it takes your focus off what s bothering you and hey it s just good in general.. exercise also releases serotonin, dopamine and a few other nuerotransmitters in your brain.. serotonin deals with sleep and mood regulation and dopamine is related to pleasure and happiness.. those chemicals i just mentioned are the ones that your brain lacks when depressed.. exercise helps to balance them.. this has been clinically proven to work faster and longer than medication.. simply taking a twenty minute walk each day could really help.. exercise also releases endorphins.. the body s natural pain killers.. this is related to runner s high ..i understand you may not be motivated to do a lot.. so startoff slow.. just walk for five minutes or so.. then add a minute or two each day and work your way up..other than exercise you could try deep breathing, muscle relaxation techniques, meditation, yoga, listening to music, writing in a journal, or talking to a friend about it.. i also drink ungodly amounts of tea.. haha..get a good social support network.. talk to a friend or family member about how you feel..take time out for yourself each day.. to just reflect, relax, and settle your thoughts.. do things that relax you and that you enjoy.. warm milk also helps to produce serotonin.. so maybe drinking a glass before you go to sleep may help.. this will help if you have trouble sleeping also..try to get at least an hour of sunlight each day.. this also helps to balance your brain chemistry and produces serotonin.. when you lie down to sleep, concentrate on your breathing.. just keep a steady inhale and exhale.. in through your nose and out through your mouth.. this will help to calm your heart rate and hopefully help you sleep.. do this anytime you feel yourself getting anxious also..eat a healthy diet.. and drink lots of water.. if you tend to put yourself down, don t be hard on yourself.. try to make a list of things you love about youself.. if you feel that you cannot make the list, then have a friend or family member make it for you.. when you start to put yourself down or feel bad, pull the list out and read it.. remind yourself that you re special and deserve to feel as such..i hope this helps.. and best of luck..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10911
I deal  with nasty depression too.  I dont know what fixes it.  I ve tried various medications and none seemed to fully fix how I feel.  They just...numb it a bit.  What I do is play my bass guitar all alone in a room.  It helps me vent anything nasty feelings I have inside through music.  I dunno, hope this helps.  Good luck, hopefully things get better for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15115
i was on prozac to before. it made me feel so scard and anxious all the time. no good. so i tried zoloft. it worked better but i was on it while i was pregnant, so when i had the baby, my hormones were crazy and it was no good. But what i recently got off of was lexapro. its a charm! it works sooo good. try it.

QUESTION ID: LLCNZ8P1IV1UY6W
QUESTION SUBJECT: so how bad is getting your wisdom teeth out and what can i expect? what s the pain similar to?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34863
When people ask for encouragement about getting their wisdom teeth out, I like to share this story about my three children.I removed two of my older daughter s wisdom teeth at 2:00 in the afternoon and told her to go home and lie down until dinner time.  Before I got home, she had already left for the mall!  I was rather angry, because I figured that she d be moaning all night long and asking me what to do for the pain.  Much to my happy surprise, she seemed just fine.  She said that she waited until the numbness started to go away and she felt pretty good, so she decided to get up and go.Same thing with my son.  We were actually headed home from a drum lesson and he asked if we could stop in the office to check out the sore place in his mouth.  It turned out to be an erupting wisdom tooth.  He asked if I felt like taking it out right then, so I did.  (I was afraid he might change his mind if he thought about it overnight.)  His mom didn t even know he had a wisdom tooth taken out until he had to take the gauze out of his mouth to eat dinner.  His uppers were both kind of difficult and he had trouble healing with one of them (sinus involvement), but that didn t last for more than 3 or 4 days.With my third child, I took her to the oral surgeon, because the roots were sort of close to the nerve and _I_ didn t want to be the one to cause her any trouble if things got difficult.  She had nitrous oxide and little bit of iv sedation and had all four removed at once.  I wanted to get her right home, but she asked me to stop off at the mall before we went home.  She insisted that she was okay.  Instead of going home and lying down, she walked through the mall.  Yes, she was biting on her gauze packs (in the mall!), but still she was a lot more active than I would recommend.  She had no trouble at all healing.  I think she went out that night, too.  (It was 1999, so I don t remember the details.)I m not saying that they are ALL like this, but there are wisdom teeth and then there are w*!`S^D@m TEETH!!!  I always say that wisdom teeth (and root canals, by the way) are like teenagers.  At least 90% are no trouble at all, but everybody talks about the bad ones.Also, see http://www.webmd.com/hw/dental/tm6328.asp
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34864
During the surgery, it will not  hurt because of the anesthesia.  The dental surgeon will give you prescription for medicine so it will not swell and pain killer if you cannot endure the pain.  Also, the dental surgeon will give you instructions on what not to do and what to do while the wound is still fresh.It always hurt when you drink something with straw. You can ice cream or anything cold when the bleeding stops.  It helps a lot to alleviate the pain.  It is uncomfortable eatingbut it really does not hurt so much. In my case, I took 2 painkillers and a heavy meal before the surgery.  Ask you dental surgeon if it will be good for you to do this.  I had 2 impacted wisdom teeth removed.  It did not hurt a lot. I just took one painkiller after the surgery.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51462
They give you good drugs. Does feel bad, but not as bad as other things might,
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51463
It was the most painful experience of my life. The pain was similar to being stabbed in the eyeball by a pen knife. Have fun!

QUESTION ID: LMJA2TV1XXW15NN
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I find men s basketball big 8 all tournament teams from 1971-1979???
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77824
1979  Michigan St.  75-64  Indiana St.  MVP:Earvin Magic Johnson, Michigan St. SEMIS:DePaul, Penn  1978  Kentucky  94-88  Duke  MVP: Jack Givens Kentucky, SEMIS:Arkansas, Notre Dame  1977  Marquette  67-59  North Carolina  MVP:Butch Lee, Marquette SEMIS:UNLV, N.C.-Charlotte  1976  Indiana  86-68  Michigan  MVP:Kent Benson, Indiana SEMIS: UCLA, Rutgers  1975  UCLA  92-85  Kentucky  MVP:Richard Washington, UCLA SEMIS: Louisville, Syracuse  1974  N.C. State  76-64  Marquette  MVP: David Thompson, SEMIS: N.C. State UCLA, Kansas  1973  UCLA  87-66  Memphis St.  MVP: Bill Walton, UCLA Indiana, Providence  1972  UCLA  81-76  Florida St.  Bill Walton, UCLA North Carolina, Louisville  1971  UCLA  68-62  Villanova  MVP: Vacated SEMIS:Western Kentucky, Kansas  *UNSURE IF ONE CAN GO BACK THAT FAR FOR THE ELITE 8 IF THAT S WHAT YOU RE ASKING ABOUT....NOT TOO SURE IF MY ANSWER IS EVEN WHAT YOU RE ASKING ABOUT...SORRY*
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8114
go to google.com then type in what u r looking for then click on what website you want to see

QUESTION ID: LOATEZIV38Z8OTO
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I buy a painting or reproduction of a painting I ve seen?
QUESTION CONTENT: While traveling in Denmark recently I saw a painting by Tilo Baumg??rtel. I was fascinated by the Wartezeit (Period of Waiting) painting and would like to find out how to buy it. I am by no means a collector, and realize that this painting is probably out of my price range, but nonetheless I would like to buy a print or reproduction. So my question is two fold:1) Is the Wartezeit painting for sale? If so how much would it cost and how do I go about buying it?2) Where can I buy a print or commission a reproduction, and how much would I need to pay for it?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88408
I didn t see it for sale anywhere, but you could contact the Arken Museum of Art to see if they have any information:http://www.arken.dk/view.asp?ID=4314
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75446
Handsome is as handsome does... Every scale model enthusiast wants to top off the latest project with a striking finish. Understanding paints and painting techniques is one of the final steps in building a model with true eye appeal.       Steps:  1.   Check your model finish to determine whether water-based acrylic or petroleum-based paints will serve better.    2.   Remember that you ll need sandpaper to prepare the surface to be painted.    3.   Use rubbing alcohol to remove skin oils and other contaminants from your model. Use alcohol as a cleanser only after testing it on a piece of scrap.    4.   Handle your clean, ready-to-paint model only while wearing gloves.    5.   Note that beginning modelers most often use aerosol paints. Choose a quality brand.    6.   Remember that some model-painting projects will require brushes. Find soft, flexible brushes and keep them clean.    7.   Invest in an airbrush painting system when you re ready to take the next step in the modeling hobby.    8.   Read, read, read. Check modelers magazines and the Internet to learn what works and what doesn t.    9.   Visit your local hobby store.    10.   Develop a working relationship with a knowledgeable clerk.        Tips:   Practice, practice, practice. No one can pick up an airbrush and apply a good paint job on the first try.     Join a modelers club. You ll meet more experienced modelers who know the tips and tricks of painting.     Do some research on the Internet and accumulate literature on painting.        Warnings:   Filtered masks and exhaust fans are a must when applying paint with an airbrush.     Paint is flammable. Do your painting where there are no pilot lights or open flames.     Keep a positive outlook. Painting is a skill and, like any skill, improves as you develop it.

QUESTION ID: LTJ48KHVIFSW1D0
QUESTION SUBJECT: How should persons eating habbits change after he has a quintuple (5) bypass surgery?
QUESTION CONTENT: What he should be eating?What is prohibited for him?What should he do to recover quickliy?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 53109
Got this from researching the subject. Hope it helps.Heart Healthy DietTotal fats: 25-30% of total caloriesSaturated fats: less than 7% of total caloriesmonounsaturated: less than 10% of total caloriesPolyunsaturated: less than 10% of total calories Cholesterol: less than 200 mg daily What foods are high in fat? Dairy foods (whole milk, ice cream, creams) Fatty red meats Butter is not only high in fat, but saturated fat as well Oils are fat, although some may have lower saturated fat. Egg yolks, which are particularly high in cholesterol. ProcessedCheese (unless Fat Free)Dos and Don???tsTrim the visible fat. Remove all of the skin from poultry. Limit organ meats (liver, kidney) Use lunch meats low in saturated fats ( Han, Chicken and Turkey)Make egg dishes with egg whites rather than egg yolks. Drink skim or 1% milk (if you drink milk) Don???t add fat as you cook. Instead of frying--- Use these techniques Roasting, Grilling or Baking (and use a rack to allow the fat to drain if possible), Cut down on added fats, such as salad dressing and butter. Try and use those which are low in saturated fats, and in moderation!Avoid Palm oil, Coconut oil , Butter, Lard, Margarine.instead use olive oil or canola or sunflower oil.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 634
A small book by a Denver cardiologist, Longevity Made Simple covers everything you need to know.Lots of fruits and vegetables, a small amount of nuts and avocado.  Small amounts of well-trimmed lean meats, with minimal beef, primarily chicken, plus fish 2-3 times a week.How much fats and oils you can still eat depends on how severe your blockages were.  If 70% or so, you can still eat some healthy fats.  I have numerous ones much higher, so any fats are extremely risky for me.For a long life, which IS still possible, you will need to develop an exercise habit of 5-7 days a week, besides making major dietary adjustments.Best of luck in your new lifestyle.

QUESTION ID: LTY1BMMXG3ZU57I
QUESTION SUBJECT: How come Pluto is no longer labeled as a planet?
QUESTION CONTENT: I understand that it is too small but it still orbits our sun, it s still a part of our solar system.  What is it labeled now?  And who decides what s a planet or not?  Who else was heartbroken when they announced Pluto of not being a planet?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9222
because theres a bunch of that shhit out there that they never saw before,and they didnt wanna have 200 planets and evathang
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17740
pluto isent a planet? when did that happen? i just did a project on pluto last month!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20153
It is now a dwarf planet, based on a new definition created by the Internation Astronomical Union (IAU).  The definition of planet now requires that an object not only orbit the Sun and have sufficient mass for gravity to pull it into a spheroidal shape, as Pluto does, but also that it must have cleared the neighborhood of its orbit, which Pluto has not.  Pluto shares its orbital space with a multitude of similarly sized objects.  Pluto and many similar objects actually have orbital resonances with Neptune, which governs these cycles because it has cleared its neighborhood.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20154
It was a Disney copyright thing. You understand.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43270
Because of it s size, but don t listen to those people size doesn t matter when it comes to planets.It s like saying a short person isn t a human.Pluto is still a planet.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43271
Since its discovery in 1930, Pluto has been a bit of a puzzle: It s smaller than any other planet ??? even smaller than the Earth s moon. It s dense and rocky, like the terrestrial planets (Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars). However, its nearest neighbors are the gaseous Jovian planets (Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune). For this reason, many scientists believe that Pluto originated elsewhere in space and got caught in the Sun s gravity. Some astronomers once theorized that Pluto used to be one of Neptune s moons. Pluto s orbit is erratic. The planets in our solar system all orbit the Sun in a relatively flat plane. Pluto, however, orbits the sun at a 17-degree angle to this plane. In addition, its orbit is exceptionally elliptical and crosses Neptune s orbit. One of its moons, Charon, is about half Pluto s size. Some astronomers have recommended that the two objects be treated as a binary system rather than a planet and satellite. These facts have contributed to the long-running debate over whether to consider Pluto a planet. On August 24, 2006, the International Astronomical Union (IAU), an organization of professional astronomers, passed two resolutions that collectively revoked Pluto s planetary status. The first of these resolutions is Resolution 5A, which defines the word planet. Although many people take the definition of planet for granted, the field of astronomy had never clearly defined what is and is not a planet. Here s how Resolution 5A defines a planet: A planet is a celestial body that (a) is in orbit around the Sun, (b) has sufficient mass for its self-gravity to overcome rigid body forces so that it assumes a hydrostatic equilibrium (nearly round) shape, and (c) has cleared the neighbourhood [sic]around its orbit [ref].
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43272
The International Astronomical Union decided that Pluto was no longer a planet. The reason is that while Pluto is round, orbits the sun, and has three moons, it has not cleared (via gravity) the neighborhood of its own orbit of debris.  Instead, they decided to classify it as a dwarf planet .There is a precedent for this.  When Ceres was first discovered in 1801, it was considered to be a planet.  After astronomers discovered several other objects in the same orbit, it was reclassified as an asteroid.  And, in 2006, it was again reclassified as dwarf planet just like Pluto.Neither Ceres nor Pluto have enough mass (gravity) to accrete all the junk from their orbits.  They will be dwarf planets until we humans decide otherwise. See the details below.RESOLUTION 5AThe IAU therefore resolves that planets and other bodies in our Solar System, except satellites, be defined into three distinct categories in the following way:(1) A planet [footnote 1]is a celestial body that (a) is in orbit around the Sun, (b) has sufficient mass for its self-gravity to overcome rigid body forces so that it assumes a hydrostatic equilibrium (nearly round) shape, and (c) has cleared the neighbourhood around its orbit.(2) A dwarf planet is a celestial body that (a) is in orbit around the Sun, (b) has sufficient mass for its self-gravity to overcome rigid body forces so that it assumes a hydrostatic equilibrium (nearly round) shape [footnote 2], (c) has not cleared the neighbourhood around its orbit, and (d) is not a satellite.(3) All other objects [footnote 3]except satellites orbiting the Sun shall be referred to collectively as Small Solar-System Bodies .Footnote 1: The eight planets are: Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.Footnote 2: An IAU process will be established to assign borderline objects into either dwarf planet and other categories.Footnote 3: These currently include most of the Solar System asteroids, most Trans-Neptunian Objects (TNOs), comets, and other small bodies.RESOLUTION 6AThe IAU further resolves:Pluto is a dwarf planet by the above definition and is recognized as the prototype of a new category of trans-Neptunian objects.

QUESTION ID: LW6J4XSOSDCF7SN
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is Luciano Pavarotti doing after surgery for Pancreatic cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84511
I searched and searched through a lot of articles, blogs, and other webpages, but there is basically NO info or updates on Pavarotti after the month of August 2006. Most of the info is dated July 06, which is when he had the surgery. The most recent snippet of info I could find ANYWHERE, is the link below. It s dated August 17. I m not sure how to interpret it -- it seems sort of optimistic but also sort of depressing. What I d REALLY like to know how he s doing now that it s already October! Normally they say no news is good news , but I m concerned that in Pavarotti s case, no news might be bad news. :( It seems like he and/or his publicists might be keeping things from us.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84512
Luciano Pavarotti (born October 12, 1935), an Italian tenor, is one of the most famous living singers, not only in the world of opera, but across all genres. He was born in Modena (Emilia-Romagna), in northern Italy.In March 2005, Pavarotti underwent neck surgery to repair two vertebrae. In June of the same year, he had to cancel a Three Tenors concert in Mexico due to laryngitis.In early 2006, he had back surgery and contracted an infection while in the hospital, forcing cancellation of concerts in the US, Canada, and the UK.Pavarotti was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in July 2006 and required emergency surgery to remove the tumor. Shortly after surgery he was reported to be recovering well . His remaining appearances for 2006 have been cancelled due to his ongoing cancer treatment, however his management stated that it is anticipated that his farewell tour will resume in early 2007. He is recovering from his illness and will perform soon. We all wish him a speedy recover.

QUESTION ID: LWSQC07LPLKXNO0
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do Circumcision?
QUESTION CONTENT: I want to know why. besides being jew and reduce infection . WHY? My parents did it to me when i was baby and it s driving me nuts!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6928
Well, it is largely due to ignorance and the propagation of an obsolete tradition that most people adhere to in which a dad has to have his kid s penis the same way as his own. In my opinion, I think a dad having his son cut just because he was is because the dad is lazy, and doesn t want to take the time out to learn how to care for and clean an uncut penis, and not to mention the fact that a lot of parent really lack the cajones to actually talk to their kids about sex. Even the Jewish and religious thing is stupid to me, because circumcision is meant to be a covenant, or symbol of devotion, to God, and a baby has made no covenants as far as I know, and can t really have the knowledge and experience to make any until he s in his late teens. You said you know the that the cleanliness and STD reasons are BS, so I ll leave that out. But I have no clue why your parents had you cut. I d say ask them. Don t be afraid to, and if it makes them uncomfortable to talk about it, by all means press on, because I m sure you want answers. And be sure to be ready to counter their answer too with fact, like if they did it for cleanliness, tell them why that was a faulty error on their part. Let your parents know that them not giving you the choice to decide whether or not you wanted to keep your foreskin makes you angry and upset with them, and I guarantee they ll listen to that. Nothing gets to a parent more than a child that is upset with them, and since they can t undo this, well, that will make them rather repentant, and they ll be more receptive to you in the future too. Good luck in you endeavors!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21325
Because people are/were uninformed.  It became widespread once the prudes of the 1800s claimed it would eliminate masturbation.  Now, people think it s cleaner than being natural.  Men who think this don t wash themselves and women who think this are just ignorant.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67393
Your answer should be another good example to the people posting in Newborn&Baby as to why they shouldn t circumcise their babies without permission. You are right there is no reason. It s just tradition and culture. People do it to fit in or because the father has it done and wants his son done (otherwise he might end up thinking he has a sub-standard penis with a bit missingetc) or because they think everybody else is. And yeah they also believe reduce infection and honestly are ignorant about the foreskin, the pleasure it provides, and the fact it rarely gets infected more than any other body part (if it does it can usually be treated with antibiotics). I am sorry you got circumcised but I am glad you have realised there is no reason for it and hopefully you can work towards ending the practice in newborns.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67394
Why is it driving you nuts ? If you have been listening to anti-circ propaganda, ignore it. Such rubbish is usually spouted by male uncuts and by young inexperienced and politically correct girls who know nothing of the benefits of circumcision and just show their ignorance. It is far better to be circumcised and your parents did you a favour by caring enough to give you the gift of circumcision. Circumcised men enjoy better hygiene, with complete elimination of smegma, better health, better comfort, more acceptable appearance to women, greater self-esteem (usually!) and most importantly, OVERWHELMINGLY better sexual sensation during intercourse for both themselves and their female partner(s). Mature, experienced women, who know the benefits that circumcision brings, usually much prefer a circumcised man as a sexual partner, so be grateful to your parents - they did you a favour!

QUESTION ID: LXAPWPR4DFEG7N4
QUESTION SUBJECT: why does everything in my life keeps going wrong?
QUESTION CONTENT: I keep having stress in my life. I am alone and never have had a normal life
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6519
Ah... maybe you are looking at it the wrong way.  It is going wrong because you are wanting the opposite of what God wants for you.    Stress?  welcome to the real world.  without any stress you would die.  Stress keeps us going.   And what is a normal life???  many marriages end in divorce.  children get shuffled around. Have multiple of parents, so live with grandparents.  So children have bisexual parents...... so tell me where does normal fit in?  This country anyway in the US, there is no definiation of NORMAL.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6520
Normal?  What s normal?  No, really, in all of my life I have never found what is meant by normal.Each of us has some time on this earth.  We are to become the best we can be, whether that means education, job, family, or just interacting with others in a helpful or inspiring way.  Alone?  What do you mean by alone?  In this age of the internet, are we really ever alone anymore.  You can meet so many new friends and communicate anytime you like.  There are scads of support groups out there just on Yahoo Groups alone.  I use to think the way you do, a very long time ago.  I finally decided that it was not everyone else s fault that I was alone and stuck in such a negative rut.  It was my responsibility to get myself out of that rut and become the person I felt I truly was on the inside but had failed so far to show anyone on the outside.I made some changes to the way I thought and approached life.  Here are the steps I took to finding self-fullfillment and enlightenment.1.  Be Grateful.2.  Forgive yourself.3.  Be kind.4.  Practice the Golden Rule.5.  Give of yourself to others.6.  Be a good friend.7.  Learn to really listen.8.  Make positive goals and time frames to meet them.9.  Approach life with the wonder of a child.10.  Have fun!I did not make these changes overnight.  It took about 5 years to turn things around.  And I am not saying that my life is perfect, no, there are many things in my life that are very difficult.  But I approach each problem as a wonderful challenge and an opportunity to learn and grow from it as I solve it.  That ultimately is what life is all about you know.To get you started, here is a website talking about the first step, gratefulness...........http://www.gratefulness.org/a/universal.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21086
sit down and breathe try and see why u r having do much stress. Is it bcuz u r procrastinating and mis managing yuor time. Is it irresponsible ppl? Whateevr it is try and stop it like if its not paying your bills when u have the money and you spend it on shoes instead , don t do that bcuz the bills will keep piling up. Is it kids constanly fighting? gET family counseling.is it due to loniliness? try and reach out to others, talk to a counselor or psychiatrist..they have seen it all, u don t have to take meds if u don t need them. U can just go to vent and work out a game plan on wat can help u , and wat it is thats causing the stress. Also go to church and pray and think of positive out comes not negative things and put downs. Work on building self confidence and self esteem.

QUESTION ID: LYE6A7OFDTUQY33
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you do b) because I understand how to do a).?
QUESTION CONTENT: in the first month after opening, a mobile phone shop sold 280 phones. A model for future trading assumes that sales will increase by x phones per month for the next 35 months, so that (280+x) phones will be sold in the 2nd month, (280+2x) in the 3rd month and so on.Using this model with x=5 calculateA i) the number of phones sold in the 36th month   ii) the total number of phones sold over the 36 monthsthe shop sets a sales target of 17 000 phones to be sold over the 36 months. Using the same model,b) find the least value of x required to achieve this target
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5175
it s arimethic sequence, where x, in this case, is the commond difference1st month = 2802nd month = 208 + x3rd month  = 280 + 2x4rh month = 280 + 3x....36th month = 280 + 35x17,000 is the total number of phones sold over 36 months. S = n(a1 + an) / 2n = position of number  (in thise case is 36)a1 = first term (or # of phone sold in the first month)an = last term (or # of phone sold in the last month)S = sum (total # of phone sold)17,000 = 36(280 + 280 + 35x) / 234,000 = 36(560 + 35x)8500/9 = 35x + 5603460/9 = 35xx = 692/63
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5176
B) First multiply the base amount, 280, by the total number of months, 36.280*36=10080Then add the variables togetherx+2x+3x...+35x+36x=766x17000-10080=69206920 divided by the variable sum, 766.x=6920/766x=3460/383Good Luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5177
If the sales per month, n, is:M = 280 + n*x1) Problem 1)M(36) = 280 + 36*5=4602) You do not need to find a formula for total sales, a graphing calculator could handle the sum of the 36 months. However the total sales could be found with this formula,since the sum of the integers:1 + 2+ 3+....n = n/2*(n+1)T = 280n +n/2(1+n)xIf n=36x=5T = 280*36 + 18*37*5=134103)17000 =280*36 +18*37x x= 10.39Since mobile phones are sold in whole units you will need to round this to 11.

QUESTION ID: M12M0C4JMHGELVO
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do landfills affect the environment?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3690
They obviously create a bit of an unsightly mess in the local vicinity, but the effect is too localized to be a major problem. The big problems are leaching and fires. Many larger and older landfills have plumes of contamination under them that reach the water table and can migrate from there to affect a very wide area - sometimes a hundred miles or more from the site of the contamination.  In the case of combustibles such as tires, fires can release a disasterous quantity of pollutants in a short time - both airborne and water borne.Landfills can also have local effects upon the ecosystem by providing food sources that are not natural for the area. Rats, seagulls, bears, and many other species (including flies and he like) are quite happy to eat garbage and can proliferate in contaminated areas, with negative effects upon the balance of the ecosystem. Such areas are often breeding grounds for disease.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61911
Legally, landfills must have a layer of soil placed over the waste at the end of every day.  Kind of hard for rats to set up housekeeping although sea gulls have a field day.  Old landfills such as New Yorks Fresh Kills does have problems with leachate.  New ones don t because of the use of clay or geo-synthetic fabric liners to stop water movement, either into the landfill  or out of it.  Decomposition in the anerobic conditions produces methane.  In southern Missouri, gas wells have been drilled and the methane produced heats the local school.  After a landfill is closed, often times they are converted to ball fields, parks, etc.

QUESTION ID: M2HEXQNGBCEEJGA
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much does an average photographer make these days?
QUESTION CONTENT: My impressions is that the world is saturated with photographers and I want to make sure my son has a realistic picture of what kind of income he can expect in this field. He has studied photography in college and has some production assistant experience.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23662
It depends not only on the assignment but also on what part of the country you are living and working. An experienced production assistant can make $100 a day in New York and barely survive, but a photographer with a small studio in Iowa making $100 a day could live quite well.I m afraid the salary range runs the gamut from almost nothing for those just starting out to several hundred thousand a year for someone who has established a good solid client base. It also depends on the kind of photography. A shopping mall portrait studio pays minimum wage. A wedding photographer can make a good deal more once established. Magazine photography, while glamorous, does not really pay very much unless you work very very hard. Industrial photography is a good solid career if not always creatively challenging. Advertising photography pays the best but also demands the greatest skills, a larger staff and excellent self-promotion ability.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23663
The answers that you ve received are fairly accurate. Photography is one of those fields where there are a million rules, and there are NO rules at the same time. Especially when it comes to what to charge. There are entire courses at the Texas School of Photography on how and what to charge. I can shoot a wedding and make $1500 inone afternoon, and then the following week shoot another wedding and make $200. It all depends on how much the customer is willing to spend and how much you are willing to work for. I suggest you narrow your field of interest in photography and then look into the going pricing structure in your area of the country.FYI: I charge $1000 to 2500 for a wedding.     I charge $125 per hour for any thing else.But establishing your pricing is not just choosing a number that sounds good. You need to take into consideration: Costs: film, film processing, proofing, proof albums, enlargement costs, enlargement albums, milage for a job, assistant costs, and probably a few other things that I m forgetting right now. Basically, what we re trying to say is that how much does a photographer make is a very difficult question to anwer these days. Good luck.

QUESTION ID: M2HRJ1JXEURB6GL
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can i start my own photography buisness?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23464
if u r takin about a studio i ll tell u the best coz i started my own a year ago.1-rent aplace that could easly b seen.2-do ur decoration (it will differ as how much budget u have)3-get 2 sensetive spotlights4-get a digital camera that u prefer (i have Nikon coolpix 8700 wich was 850$ a year a go)5-train urself in a design programs like photoshop,cback,etc.....6-u can get some other stuff after that (scaner;small printer for fast photos etc.......
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23465
Hold on...hold on....back up a little.Don t just jump into a photography business and expect to succeed. You need to know certain things:How to start and manage your business. How to develop new customers and accounts. Select from the list of products and services that you can offer. How to choose the best name and location for your business. How to finance your business. The accounting and bookkeeping you will need to keep for your business and includes: Financial Projections Projecting Your Sales Potential BudgetingThe licenses, regulations and permits that you will need to operate your business. How to analyze the photography business competition to determine the best way to compete in your area. How much to charge for your photography business services and how to determine the pricing structures that you should utilize. How to establish cost and cash controls. Information on photography equipment, publications, photography education and training. How to devise your photography business marketing plan and advertising budgets. A photography business does not happen by accident. Go to: Professional Photographers of America

QUESTION ID: M3BIHB08331LVS5
QUESTION SUBJECT: why where the numbers in BC time switched?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75871
 BC is like the number 0 on a number line.  Take it from there.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75872
It might help to imagine someone born 100 years BC. Back then they measured years by the kings. Suppose our man (Sam) was born the same year King Ralph took over in his country. On Sam s 10th birthday, he is in the 10 year of the reign of King Ralph but only 90 years before the birth of Christ. On his 20th birthday, he is in the 20thyear of King Ralph but he is 80 years before the birth of Christ. Later that year King Ralph dies, King Norton takes over. When Sam is 30, he is in the 10th year of King Norton but just 70 years before the birth of Christ.If Sam lived to be 100, he would die in the first year of our lord. (There wasn t a year 0.)This isn t an exact comparison, because they didn t start numbering years according to Christ until 400 or 500 AD, and they got the exact year wrong. Jesus was probably born about 3 AD.They started numbering years according to Jesus because it was a standard all the Christian nations could agree to. It must have been confusing to have each different county have different years, due to different kings, and to have to start at year 1 again each time a new king took over.

QUESTION ID: M6RUMUVGBS1MA7D
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I lower my cholesterol naturally?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am a 43 yr old male and have no other risk factors but my chol is 304 (LDL=216,HDL=57). I do not want to take drugs that result in side effects
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86448
Dyslipidemia is elevation of plasma cholesterol and/or TGs or a low HDL level that contributes to the development of atherosclerosis. Causes may be primary (genetic) or secondary. Diagnosis is by measuring plasma levels of total cholesterol, TGs, and individual lipoproteins. Treatment is dietary changes, exercise, and lipid-lowering drugs.Changes in lifestyle habits are the main therapy for hypertriglyceridemia. These are the changes you need to make:???If you re overweight, cut down on calories to reach your ideal body weight. This includes all sources of calories, from fats, proteins, carbohydrates and alcohol.  ???Reduce the saturated fat, trans fat and cholesterol content of your diet.  ???Reduce your intake of alcohol considerably. Even small amounts of alcohol can lead to large changes in plasma triglyceride levels.  ???Be physically active for at least 30 minutes on most or all days each week.  ???People with high triglycerides may need to substitute monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats ??? such as those found in canola oil, olive oil or liquid margarine ??? for saturated fats. Substituting carbohydrates for fats may raise triglyceride levels and may decrease HDL ( good ) cholesterol in some people.  ???Substitute fish high in omega-3 fatty acids instead of meats high in saturated fat like hamburger. Fatty fish like mackerel, lake trout, herring, sardines, albacore tuna and salmon are high in omega-3 fatty acids. Eat a low-cholesterol, low-fat diet. This kind of diet includes cottage cheese, fat-free milk, fish (not canned in oil), vegetables, poultry, egg whites, and polyunsaturated oils and margarines (corn, safflower, canola, and soybean oils).Avoid foods with excess fat in them such as meat (especially liver and fatty meat), egg yolks, whole milk, cream, butter, shortening, lard, pastries, cakes, cookies, gravy, peanut butter, chocolate, olives, potato chips, coconut, cheese (other than cottage cheese), coconut oil, palm oil, and fried foods.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86449
The anti cholesterol paradigm is  FRAUDELEVATED FASTING BLOOD SUGAR AND SEVERE STRESS ARE THE EMEMIESSEE MY ARTICLEShttp://www.ravnskov.nu/cholesterol.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86450
Take one pinch of cinnamon powder with warm water during bed time for about 3 months and then get your cholesterol checkd.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87075
WALK and take LOTSA garlic!!!!

QUESTION ID: M6VRHKA0NOCUUB6
QUESTION SUBJECT: Cancer Research gets billions of pounds in donations, why haven t they found a cure yet?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13939
Please check these study reports and find further info about your question in these websites though it speaks about Alternate medicine some Amazing results are waiting............Good Luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 33364
There are tones of diffrent caancers and some are stronger and more advanced than others. So it is VERY VERY hard to fine a cure for it all, some cancer can be cured do to cancer research, Save a few is better than saving none
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 33365
Your lack of information is showing!Cancer is not a single disease.  And many cancers ARE curable as a result of all that research.  I am living proof of that.  And what problem do you have, exactly, with donated money? Do you think you should be in charge of the causes free people donate their resources too?Here s a link to help you get your math right; http://science.cancerresearchuk.org/hln/annual_reports/?version=3And I hope you never get cancer, but I m afraid you have about a 25% chance of contracting one form or another in your lifetime!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 33366
I just went through cancer, surgery and treatment. The cancer was eradicated but I am now on the hook for a drug that has no generic that will cost $300 a month for five more years. Believe me that is cheap compared to most of the other medicines. It is suppose to block estrogen and cut down the possibility of cancer returning. The cost of treatment was astronomical. Can you imagine how much money is spent and how it would bankrupt the medical profession if a cure was found? The Rx end alone would do in the pharmaceutical companies and put millions out of work. You have no idea how many people are used to do a ten minute procedure. If a cure was found it would take years to get it approved and even then the insurance companies would call it experimental in order to avoid payment. There are vaccines and one promising one in England is a $17,000 injection that is not approved in the USA. I think they look for ways treat the disease but not the cause.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 33367
Yup i agree with emily rose.It seems that she has a better understanding of cancer.Cancer is a deadly disease and it is challenging for nearly decades.A better understanding of the life process especially cell signalling and gene expression and activation of proteins which are the ones which mediate the life process.To be frank scientists are trying to understand this so as to identify these proteins which in cancer cells are causing troubles either because of the changes in the genes the master of the cellular process.The greatest challenge which we are facing are 1.Cancer is spreads rapidly and treatment and to identify this is really critical so as to treat them at the initial stages especially for the ones which cannot be detected by some conventional analytical techniques.2.Malignant tumours have the ability to metastize the process called metastasis,by which cells from primary tumour travel from one site to other site,estabilish in some other sites(say from lungs to heart to kidneys etc.,).Hence detecting this becomes very difficult,Just imagine man u cant surgically remove all.3.There are many different types of cancer,and each type is caused by different factors say in some people 15-20 percentile suffering from breast cancer due to over expression of HER2 genes.hence the remaining due to some other protein factors.To cure them is not a easy joke.U gonna have to select a good drug.4.In the drug discovery pipeline nearly 10^10 no of molecules are screened out of which only one or two are coming out successively .The rest  are failed ones.5.the present scenario is development of vaccines and drugs which are target based.the emergence of cancer cells to develop resistance to drugs is now a hot topic.as i told u earlier the metastatic potential of cancer cells are making them really deadly.in short metastasis is the the leathal weapon of cancer.so to cure cancer requires is really a challenging task. though cancer cannot be prevented we can take some steps to safeguard ourself.u need to have a good diet,disciplined life and control ur body by means of meditation and yoga.

QUESTION ID: M8H1NDQOS888E4G
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you lose weight?
QUESTION CONTENT: .....And does it work?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 30513
If you are talking SHORT TERM, this two-week-long weight loss program will work. It has worked for me, for Renee Zellweger (after her Bridgett Jones movies) and for many others who need fast weight loss. Follow these steps religiously:1.Drink lots of fresh water every day using this formula: (your current weight) divided by 2 = ounces of water to consume each day. I like to drink room temperature water from a bottle because it???s easier to ???chug.??? I put four of the bottles on the kitchen counter and make sure they are all empty by the end of the day. Best to consume them throughout the day.2.Don???t drink any alcohol of caffeine. No soft drinks. Only green teas. REMEMBER, THIS IS ONLY 14 DAYS. YOU CAN DO IT IF YOU REALLY WANT YOUR GOAL.3.Fast walk or run for at least 60 minutes each day. It???s best to exercise in the morning since it will rev up your metabolism and keep our calorie-burn rate high throughout the day. You can do this by walking in place, using a treadmill, or walking outside. Whatever works for you.4.Do at least 50 crunches each day. I break mine into 2 or 3 different sessions. Also, if I need to do 20 crunches, I play a little trick with my mind and I ???pretend??? I am going to count to 25. It???s amazing how this helps the body getto all of the crunches with the same intensity.5.Eat only fresh vegetables! This is the key to the whole thing. Eat as many as you want, but DON???T eat any of the following: starchy vegetables including potatoes, squashes, pumpkins, and the like. They will work against you. Limit carrots, snow peas, and other veggies that are high in sugar content. NO GRAINS. Just fresh vegetables. You can eat salads, stir-fries, steamed, etc. But this is at the heart of your success.6.Don???t eat anything after 7:00 p.m.7.Put photographs (from magazines) up all over your house of trim, fit women. They will serve as motivators.8.Several times each day ??? especially when you first get up and when you go to bed, say something like: ???I am enjoying my weight of (your goal weight).??? Put it in the present tense and say it many times ??? with feeling! This will affect your subconscious mind to help you achieve your goal. Also, post these words in the same places where you post the photographs.Also, don???t be surprised if you start feeling better than you have felt in a long time. You will have more energy, most aches and pains will be gone, and your whole body will look brighter. One warning, early on your elimination will be a little ???urgent.??? You may have some cramping. But this will all go away soon. Your body is in a deep cleanse.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25256
well firstly.eat at your limits dont eat more dont eat less because if you eat less and your hungry it may lead to a disease and if you eat more then you wont lose weight.secondly:try to exercise frequently whenever you are free.thirdly:SWEETS,soft drinks,junk food are the biggest cause to gain weights.and try to have a balanced nutrition at breakfast,lunch and dinner.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76544
Eat less, exercise more.Yes, it works, ecpecially if this is a change in life style.

QUESTION ID: ME3ROWKPKDJHFOT
QUESTION SUBJECT: Tips Of How To Study?
QUESTION CONTENT: I need a little help! I cannot find a good way to study for my exams. I tried a lot of ways but i just can t find a good one!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77437
Try different methods to see what works for you. For me, writing something over and over makes it stick in my mind. Yours could be something like reading aloud then putting things in your own words to retain memory.Try to figure out if you learn better visually or verbally. In class, does it help you more to write down notes or just listen to your teacher and class discussion? It could be both. It takes some experimenting to see what works for you. But some common rules are: don t wait until just before exams to study- review early!, study in short bursts, and try explaining concepts you want to learn to other people. Teaching is often the best way to learn.Good luck, and don t give up! You ll find what works for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25975
Try my quiz maker: http://www.jimmyr.com/quizmaker.phpDepends really on what your studying. Math requires you to just practice variations of the same problems, english is just memorization, and writing is just writing practice with random topics an adult to read over your work and a good spell check. You should try to define what causes you the most problems whether it be the topic or the organization and site some examples if you want a good answer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25976
Before the Test:Get a good night s rest.Eat a healthy breakfastDress comfortably.Be on time to school.Avoid stressful situations prior to testing. Listen closely to the speaker in class.Do the following TWO DAYS BEFORE THE TEST:Study for 20 minutes before taking a SHORT break. People learn the most in the first 10 minutes of studying and learn well in the second 10 minutes of studying. After 20 minutes, learning efficency decrease steadily. So after 20 minutes of study, stretch, get a drink etc. to reak your concentration. A short break should be around 3-5 minutes. Then begin studying again for another 20-30 minutes. A 65 minute study time that includes 2 SHORT breaks, triples the ammount of time you can learn in a 60 minute study time without breaks. DO THE FOLLOWING THE DAY BEFORE THE TEST:Eat healthy so your thinking will be quicker and more precise. Study each subject 15 minutes without breaks.

QUESTION ID: MET0E01Z6B1RG6C
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is missouri called the show me state ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73903
There are a number of stories and legends behind Missouri s sobriquet Show-Me state. The slogan is not official, but is common throughout the state and is used on Missouri license plates.The most widely known legend attributes the phrase to Missouri s U.S. Congressman Willard Duncan Vandiver, who served in the United States House of Representatives from 1897 to 1903. While a member of the U.S. House Committee on Naval Affairs, Vandiver attended an 1899 naval banquet in Philadelphia. In a speech there, he declared, I come from a state that raises corn and cotton and cockleburs and Democrats, and frothy eloquence neither convinces nor satisfies me. I am from Missouri. You have got to show me. Regardless of whether Vandiver coined the phrase, it is certain that his speech helped to popularize the saying.Other versions of the Show-Me legend place the slogan s origin in the mining town of Leadville, Colorado. There, the phrase was first employed as a term of ridicule and reproach. A miner s strike had been in progress for some time in the mid-1890s, and a number of miners from the lead districts of southwest Missouri had been imported to take the places of the strikers. The Joplin miners were unfamiliar with Colorado mining methods and required frequent instructions. Pit bosses began saying, That man is from Missouri. You ll have to show him. However the slogan originated, it has since passed into a different meaning entirely, and is now used to indicate the stalwart, conservative, noncredulous character of Missourians
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13458
Looks like there is no official reason - nor is the slogan itself official.  You can read about it here http://www.sos.mo.gov/archives/history/slogan.asp

QUESTION ID: MEWIZVCOPBJWYT3
QUESTION SUBJECT: why boat floats?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 25145
The standard definition of floating was first recorded by Archimedes and goes something like this: An object in a fluid experiences an upward force equal to the weight of the fluid displaced by the object. So if a boat weighs 1,000 pounds (or kilograms), it will sink into the water until it has displaced 1,000 pounds (or kilograms) of water. Provided that the boat displaces 1,000 pounds of water before the whole thing is submerged, the boat floats. It is not very hard to shape a boat in such a way that the weight of the boat has been displaced before the boat is completely underwater. The reason it is so easy is that a good portion of the interior of any boat is air (unlike a cube of steel, which is solid steel throughout). The average density of a boat -- the combination of the steel and the air -- is very light compared to the average density of water. So very little of the boat actually has to submerge into the water before it has displaced the weight of the boat. The next question to ask involves floating itself. How do the water molecules know when 1,000 pounds of them have gotten out of the way? It turns out that the actual act of floating has to do with pressure rather than weight. If you take a column of water 1 inch square and 1 foot tall, it weighs about 0.44 pounds depending on the temperature of the water (if you take a column of water 1 cm square by 1 meter tall, it weights about 100 grams). That means that a 1-foot-high column of water exerts 0.44 pounds per square inch (psi). Similarly, a 1-meter-high column of water exerts 9,800 pascals (Pa). If you were to submerge a box with a pressure gauge attached (as shown in this picture) into water, then the pressure gauge would measure the pressure of the water at the submerged depth:  If you were to submerge the box 1 foot into the water, the gauge would read 0.44 psi (if you submerged it 1 meter, it would read 9,800 Pa). What this means is that the bottom of the box has an upward force being applied to it by that pressure. So if the box is 1 foot square and it is submerged 1 foot, the bottom of the box is being pushed up by a water pressure of (12 inches * 12 inches * 0.44 psi) 62 pounds (if the box is 1 meter square and submerged 1 meter deep, the upward force is 9,800 newtons). This just happens to exactly equal the weight of the cubic foot or cubic meter of water that is displaced! It is this upward water pressure pushing on the bottom of the boat that is causing the boat to float. Each square inch (or square centimeter) of the boat that is underwater has water pressure pushing it upward, and this combined pressure floats the boat.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76421
boats designed and fabricated to float on water not fly nor wheel on the road
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76422
The material making a boat might be denser than water, but the overall density of the boat--including the air inside--makes the density less than that of water.  A boat will displace a volume of water such that the weight of the displaced water is equal to the weight of the entire boat.  Since a boat is full of air, if it were shoved under water, the water it would displace would be heavier that the boat itself.  Since the water is heavier than th boat, it won t let this happen.When a boat does sink, it s because water gets inside and displaces the air.  Without the air, the boat s density will no longer be less than that of water.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76423
If you could freeze a floating boat in place and drill a hole under the waterline, the boat will fill up with just enough water that if you placed the boat and water on opposite side of a seesaw, they would exactly balance.  This would demonstrate that the water displaced by a floating boat provides an upwards force equal to the downward force of the boat s weight.If you have a cinderblock (that sinks!) under water, it weighs less than in air by the weight of the water displaced.  Many boats have floatation tanks such that if water leaks in they will continue to float (rather than join the cinder block on the bottom).

QUESTION ID: MILY5TFMVFIE67Q
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do check a dog for a heart murmur?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69692
This article will help you out: Murmurs are graded in severity from 1 to 6, with 1 being the softest murmur that can be heard and 6 being loud enough that it s evident before the stethoscope even touches the chest. Murmurs graded at 4 to 6 can often be felt if the hand is placed at the right spot on the chest.Most murmurs are diagnosed by auscultation, which simply means that the veterinarian listens to the heart with a stethoscope. Although auscultation can indicate the presence of a murmur, further tests are needed to determine its cause and severity. Your veterinarian is likely to refer you to a veterinary cardiologist for these tests.Depending on the breed, age, and predispositions of your dog, the cardiologist will want to take thoracic radiographs (chest X rays), if the referring veterinarian hasn t already taken them, and run an electrocardiogram and an echocardiogram (ultrasound).The radiographi indicate overall heart size and enable the cardiologist to see the pulmonary vessels in the lung. This allows him to judge the degree of normalcy or abnormalcy resulting from the heart disease. An electrocardiogram shows the heart s rate and rhythm and is useful if abnormal rhythms are detected through auscultation.An echocardiogram provides a precise measure of the thickness of the various chamber walls of the heart and a look at each of the cardiac valves. This test allows the cardiologist to determine the state of the valves and to calculate overall cardiac performance, which is helpful in deciding whether therapy is necessary. Follow-up echocardiograms tell the veterinarian whether or not the therapy is working.The cardiologist may also check your dog s kidney function. Renal disease is the most frequent cause of high blood pressure in dogs and cats, says James Ross, DVM, professor of cardiology at Tufts University School of Veterinary Medicine. The presence of renal disease adds a greater workload onto the heart and can make some cardiac conditions much worse much quicker unless the hypertension is brought under control. So it s often advisable to do some screening of blood for buildup of waste products, take a look at some urine, and make sure there s nothing going on there-and maybe check some enzymes that are associated with liver disease and congestion that sometimes develops as the heart falls. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86756
ekg and listen with a stethyoscope.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86757
Listen to the heart with a stethoscope.  But, you might want to just take the dog to the vet.

QUESTION ID: MK2KLU1E1ETR572
QUESTION SUBJECT: If moral code does not exist, or is a subjective matter, why then, is there perfect order in the Universe?
QUESTION CONTENT: I would like to elaborate from my previous post:http://ca.answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ap4AKRXhWVsXfUasoAgnMsfAFQx.;_ylv=3?qid=20080107125624AALLN43You have to remember, that if moral code is a subjective matter then there is no right and wrong in a universal definition. That statement in itself is such a horrendous nonsense, that accepting it defies not only logic. but also common sense.It is a natural observation and a fact, that law exists in the universe. Humans themselves however do not realize they themselves cannot make law, they can just observe law. Yet, they claim they can and will know all the answers, just by a mere reference to time (which is bound to expire), observation and empirical reasoning subjected to fallacies, and exaggerated presumptions with/without lies.All this time they do not realize that they can only see or understand  what God allows them.Tell me what you guys think.No it is not true, God is. Regardless what you or anyone else thinks or whatever else he/she wants to believe@ A VGod is. This essentially means, that time could not exist unless He is. Fluency of time demonstrates motion, this motion demonstrates logic, and this results in truth, and yields balance.You, my friend battle that.Humans are not self sufficient, and they  certainly cannot act outside of what God allowed.what you are saying to me amy is this:Go on and let others think for you, you will certainly be happy knowing that common good will bring happiness!I tell you, that is not correct. Common good, by its application is not infallible and has yielded many many iniquities and sin towards their adherents.I think you need to pray so that God opens your eyes.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7732
I believe you are right. Everything has a certain order that is in order.God made the universe to be orderly. Same with man.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59127
I don t think it is horrendous to not have right and wrong. I think it is a beautiful concept.Law doesn t not exist in the universe as i see it there are dynamics -Law is a man made term - The universe isn t speaking here. We label what we see and we label what we theorise the equator is not real time is not real.We want to see natural law we see natural law because we use that paradigm within which to look - If we want to see all possibilities that is what we see.What we look for and what we don t look for says more about ourselves  than what we think we see.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59128
Common sense is a matter of opinion. Laws do exist. There is a Law of Gravity. A law of Karma ( A simple way of saying to every action there is an equal and opposite) Newton s Laws. These things that cannot be changed. Such is true. I cannot bring myself to comprehend a law of good or a law of evil. It seems by all logic completely subjective to me. Similarly to trying to universally define the term Justice as a good thing rather than just a mechanism to a person or organization s own means.  In like kind, we do not have to believe the same way. It s okay not to agree with everyone all of the time, it s a part of diversity and diversity is necessary to stimulate creativity. The need to have everyone believe as one themself believes would probably be more an issue than the semantics of any word meanings. Enjoy yourself!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59129
Anyone who believes in god should answer this question. If it were the will of all humans to destroy every living human, could it be done? The answer is yes. Would this not mean we just killed god or at the very least undid in one day what , in your belief,  took your god to do in thousands of years? What do you think he has an easy button for do-overs?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59130
Moral sense is inborn in man and through the ages it has served as the common man s standard of moral behavior, approving certain qualities and disapproving others.  While this instinctive faculty may vary from person to person, human conscience has given a more or less uniform verdict in favor of certain moral qualities as being good and declared certain others as bad. On the side of moral virtues, justice, courage, bravery and truthfulness have always elicited praise. History does not record any period worth the name in which falsehood, injustice, dishonesty, and breach of trust may have been upheld. Fellow-feeling, compassion, fidelity, and magnanimity have always been valued while selfishness, cruelty, miserliness and bigotry have never received the approval of the human society; men have always appreciated perseverance, determination and courage and have never approved of impatience, fickle-mindedness, cowardice and imbecility.  Dignity, restraint, politeness, and amiability have throughout the ages been counted among virtues, whereas snobbery, misbehavior and rudeness have never found recognition as good moral qualities.  Persons having a sense of responsibility and devotion to duty have always won the highest regard of men; never have people who are incompetent, slothful and lacking in sense of duty been looked upon with approval. Similarly, in respect of the standard of good and bad in the collective behavior of society as a whole, the verdict has always been almost unanimous.  Only that society has been looked upon as worthy or honor and respect which possesses the virtues of organization, discipline, mutual affection and fellow feeling and has established a social order based on justice, freedom and equality of men.  As opposed to this, disorganization, no-discipline, anarchy, disunity, injustice and social imbalance have always been considered as manifestations of decay and disintegration in a society. Robbery, murder, larceny, adultery, fraud and graft have always been condemned. Slandering, scandal mongering and blackmailing has never been considered as wholesome social activities.Contrary to this service and care of the aged, help of one s kith and kin, regard for neighbors, loyalty to friends, assistance of the weak, the destitute and the orphans, and nursing the sick are qualities which have always been highly valued ever since the dawn of civilization. Virtuous, polite, mild and sincere persons have always been welcomed. Individual who are upright, honest, sincere, outspoken and dependable, whose needs conform to their words, who are content with their own rightful possession, who are prompt in the discharge of their obligations to others, who live in peace and let others live in peace and from whom nothing but good can be expected, have always formed the core of any healthy human society. This shows that human moral standards are in fact universal and have been well-known to mankind throughout the ages. Good and evil are not myths to be hunted out. They are well- known realities and are equally well-understood by all. The sense of good and evil is inherent in the very nature of man. Hence, in the terminology of the Qur an virtue is called Ma roof (something to be announced) and evil is designated as Munkar (something to be denounced); that is to say virtue is known to be desirable for every one and evil is not known to commend itself in any way. This fact is mentioned by the Qur an when it says: And (Allah gave to the Soul) its enlightenment as to its wrong and its right; ..... (Quran, 91:8)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72403
Ok, instead of starting your thought on the god made us premise, start with : we know nothing, there s a ground beneath our feet, turns out its a planet , oh there s a whole universe out there.You ll then see that there s billionsx billionsxbillions of stars with many planets around each star, they all follow the law of gravity bla bla......WE are organic beings, a dynamic body of cells constanlty reproducing them selves and dying.Now what does moral code have to do with this?We exist and we try to survive.Why do you fail to see that?

QUESTION ID: ML0W2QWSZU1CDUE
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is homeschooling popular in the US?
QUESTION CONTENT: Given the population fo the United States, I would assume there must be a range of schools to choose from (i.e religious, private, special needs and various educational philosophies). Why do you feel you need to homeschool? I am looking for the reasons people homeschool. links with statistics would be appreciated.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13969
I dont get why parents think they are qualified educaters, they cant possibly be experts in ALL given areas? What happens when the child gets to High School and has to do a Maths question that you dont know how to do????????????What about the prom, school dances and socials?Home schooling does not offer everything that a school can offer.You are taking away their childhood and sheltering them from life. How will they ever be able to adapt into the workforce if they are mollycoddled by such over protective parents who wont let their kids learn to grow as individuals.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34492
good question..I don t know the answer though my kids attend public school..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34493
Yes, there are several different types of schools to choose from, it is not from a lack of choices that we choose homeschooling.The reasons why parents teach their children at home are as varied as the people that do it. I feel I need to homeschool because:1. I want to2. I can3. I prefer my children have a quality education4. I want my children to value our familyI could go on and on, but that s a start.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34494
One large reason is school safety.  Many schools have metal detectors because of drug and gang violence.One of the original reason was forced bussing, but that s gone now.Cost of private schools is way to high.  When I was a kit it was $24 a month and todayit s thousands a year.Getting them up and off to school.  Many kids won t take school buses.  Many people can t afford to use school buses.Quality of eduction is an issue.  The school systems in America suck and that is no lie and eveyrone wants to pretend like it s not an issue.Parents can maintain better control over their own kids.  They can still spank them!The statistical facts do show another picture. The top 10% of most integrated school systems show the Perians and Asians to be the top students.Whites are now in the lower 70%Blacks are in the lower 50%Hispanics are in the lower 30%This does indicate a motivated person can do well in schools.That s the key word.  Motivated person.Which gets us back to discipline and the home.  If, big IF, the parents are doing their job right at home the child is more motivated.As for the education system sucks part of that comes from politics.The US is the greatest country in the world, everything we do is perfect.  Everyone else bows to us.  Say anthing different and you will have parents with American Flags going to school board meetings to ask why COMMUNISTS are teaching in the high schools.It s the Europeans who made the slave trade.  It s those terrible British Colonists who accept it, but once we got free of this and became true Americans we abolished it.That s called putting a spin or re-writing history.  No one wants to say anything otherwise.Of course when you go to college you re-learn all this.Laws.  Three branches of Goverment, Bills are put forth in Congress, debated, amended and then sent to a happy President who signs them into law.No talk of PACs, shelving in committee, partisan politics, trading projects for votes.  None of that dirty stuff is discussed in Public Schools.Home schooling is something parents and kids can do together.  I know if I was doing it, we d have to work hard together when it came to advanced Algebra or Differential Equations!

QUESTION ID: MLNT60B00G5ASTE
QUESTION SUBJECT: I had a baby 4 months ago, how do i get rid of the fat on my back/sides?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6617
Here are a few tips:1.  You MUST exercise if you want to lose weight and keep it off, so do something every day, even if it???s just a 15-minute walk around the neighborhood.  Don???t say you don???t have time for exercise; you have to MAKE time.  Yes, it takes time and effort, but you???re worth it, right?2.  Walk as much as you want, but don???t do cardio for more than 40 minutes at a time.  If you do, you risk burning muscle instead of fat.3.  If you do strength training, use light weights and do lots of repetitions.  That???ll really help you ???tone up.???4.  Your diet will make you or break you.  You have probably learned bad eating habits over time (most people do).  That???s not your fault, but now you have to deal with it.  Make a commitment to yourself to unlearn those bad habits and re-learn better habits.5.  Eat breakfast every day within an hour of getting up.  People who don???t are 450% more likely to be overweight.6.  Eat six small meals or snacks per day instead of three squares per day or one big meal per day.  Your body expends energy digesting your food, so eating smaller portions more often keeps your metabolism running high because you???re constantly digesting food.7.  Avoid these as much as possible:-- Trans fat (any type of partially or fully hydrogenated oil)-- High fructose corn syrup (soft drinks are LOADED with it)-- Fast food-- Junk food-- White sugar, white flour, white rice, white potatoes-- The deadly C???s (cookies, cakes, candy, chips, cola)8.  Build your diet around these trim-body-friendly foods:-- Nuts, any kind (almonds are best)-- Beans/Legumes-- Fresh vegetables (green is GREAT!!!)-- Dairy products (as long as they???re low-fat or non-fat)-- Eggs-- Lean meats (fish and poultry top the list)-- Olive oil-- Whole grain breads/cereals/pasta-- Fresh fruits (anything that ends in ???berry??? is a winner)-- Tea (green tea or black pekoe tea)-- Cold water or ice water (your body has to expend extra calories to heat it up)9.  Desserts and treats are the exception, not the rule.  Having said that, however, (1) you can have a couple of pieces of chocolate every day ??? just don???t overdo, and (2) Allow yourself one ???cheat meal??? every week where you eat and drink whatever you want as long as you don???t gorge yourself.  That???ll help keep you from feeling deprived and it???ll make it easier to stick with your new healthy eating plan.Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66924
It took you 9 months to gain that weight. Expect at least 9 months or more to lose it. As your baby grows and you carry the child around more you will lose the fat on your back side.

QUESTION ID: MMSSVDG5AHIGGS8
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why was the first Battle of the Marne considered so significant?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85180
The Battle of Marne was fought from 5 September to 12 September 1914.  It was one of the first major battles of WW I in which reconnaissance planes played a decisive role, by discovering weak points in the German lines and allowing the allies to take advantage of them.It was the second major clash on the Western Front (after the Battle of the Frontiers) and one of the most important single events of the war. The German retreat left in ruins  any German hopes of a quick victory in the west. Its army was left to fight a long war on two fronts.Hope this helps,Peace!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11799
It was the essential fight for France. The Germans were mere kilometres from Paris. Many Frenchmen thought it would be repeat of 1870 all over again. This time the French attacked the Germans when their Army Corps were far apart due to the tactics of the Schlieffen plan which made the Army Corps curve when converging on Paris. Using this to their advantage, French and British armies surged through the gap beating back the German in a ferocious fight in which many French soldiers stormed machine gun nests with bayonets.    France was saved and the war continued on with the assurance of France continuing the fight

QUESTION ID: MNJUIZJ0NDTC8V0
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do you hiccup? whats the bes way to get rid of hiccups?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74670
hiccup or hiccough, involuntary spasmodic contraction of the diaphragm followed by a sharp intake of air, which is abruptly stopped by a sudden, involuntary closing of the glottis (opening between the vocal cords); the consequent blocking of air produces a repeated characteristic sharp sound, or hic. It is believed that hiccup is caused by stimulation of the nerve pathways or centers that control the muscles of respiration, particularly the diaphragm. In most instances hiccups are transient, although their course may sometimes be shortened by such measures as holding the breath, deep regular breathing, or rebreathing into a paper bag to increase the carbon dioxide content of the body. However, persistent hiccups may last for weeks, months, or even years. When hiccups are prolonged, therapy may include the administering of certain drugs, inhalation of carbon dioxide, and even interruption of the phrenic nerve either by injection of an anesthetic or by surgery.The following are some commonly suggested home remedies, though none have medical backing.Distraction from one s hiccup, e.g. being startled or asked a perplexing question. Breathing into a paper bag. Eating peanut butter. Concentration on one s hiccup. Inserting one s thumbs in one s ears, closing one s nose with one s index fingers, and drinking a glass of water. Drinking a glass of water in several small sips. Drinking a glass of water upside-down. Drinking a glass of water with another s palms against one s ears. Drinking a glass of a carbonated beverage (with salt). Eating a tablespoon of sugar or honey. Eating a teaspoon of Lingonberry jam. Eating a large dose of Wasabi Eating generally. Gulping down a glass of water while holding one s breath (ever tried breathing and drinking simultaneously?). Holding one s breath while optionally squeezing one s stomach. Tilting one s head back, extending one s right arm out, and flexing it at the elbow repeatedly. Urinating while drinking a glass of water. Drinking a glass of water several times successively. Breathing deeply through the nose, then exhaling slowly through the mouth. Drinking vinegar. Swallowing sugar while keeping it as dry as possible Squeezing the tip of the right pinky finger Hanging upside down while holding your breath. The combination of gravity pulling on your diaphram and not breathing seems to have a unique effect on the ailment. Exhaling all the air from one s lungs and and holding one s breath while swallowing water or saliva. Ability to stop hiccupping at willA few people have the ability to stop hiccupping by simply choosing to do so. This brings up intriguing relationships regarding voluntary control of various body functions -- for example ear wiggling.Btw, read here about Longest Attack of Hiccups recorded in guiness book of records:http://www.guinnessworldrecords.com/content_pages/record.asp?recordid=48509
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23365
A hiccup is an air pocket in your stomach that travels back and forth from your stomach to your mouth and because it s not been properly released it continues to travel back and forth.  Usually warm water helps the air of pocket thin out.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23366
They re going to go away sooner or later.  Trying to get rid of them keeps them on your mind.  Learn to like hiccuping and look forward to when it happens and it may never happen again.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23367
Try laying down on a bed and hang your head over the edge. Slowly sip a glass of water, small sips at a time so it doesn t run right up your nose. It works 100% of the time for me.

QUESTION ID: MNYLCJXZSZTK034
QUESTION SUBJECT: HOW SMART ARE YOU?      The Solitary Reaper by William Wordsworth.?
QUESTION CONTENT: What is the mood of the song the solitary reaper is singing?  LovingLonelyHappySadWho is the speaker in this poem?  A highland lassA passer-by observed by the poetA reaperThe poetWhat does the speaker regret about his experience?  He can???t remember the song he???s heard.He doesn???t meet and talk to the reaper.He can???t understand the words of the girl???s song.He doesn???t know whether the song is happy or sad.Which of the following sentences BEST describes the first two lines of the poem?  The lines rhyme with each other.There are four beats or stresses to each line.They are examples of alliteration.The lines contain a metaphor.What is the theme of the last two lines of this poem?   sometimes hard to forget things we don???t want to think about.Natural views are worth remembering.Memory enables us to repeat our sensory experiences.The experiences of our senses can???t be satisfactorily recalled.What is the BEST paraphrase of the lines 17???18?  Whatever the idea of her song, it???s an important one.Whatever her message is, I wish she would stop this endless singing.Although I don???t know what she???s singing about, the girl???s song sounds as if it could go on forever.This young woman has a terrible problem, although I don???t understand what it is
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5362
So I am ready to answer this one also....Question 1Mood of the song is SAD (melancholic) see the line Alone she cuts and binds the grainAnd sings a melancholy strain strain means song. So the song is sad and melancholic.Question 2The speaker of the poem  is The Poet himself. No doubt....because Wordworth wrote this poem during his walking tour to Scotland. He observed this maiden there in a country side. It is also said that the inspiration for this poem was a letter from Wordsworth s friend. Anyway, the speaker of the poem is The Poet, Mr. William Wordsworth. It is also note-worthy to know that romantic poets were all subjective. They wrote from their personal emotions.Question 3The speaker regret about the fact that he can t understand the words of the girls song. The other three choices you gave are irrelevant.He says in the last stanza whatever the theme the maiden sang through the poem, he is a doubt so as to what the theme is all about. As the reaper sang in Scottish, poor english man (william wordsworth couldnt understand it correctly.) that s the only element of regret.he consoles himself by saying thather music in my heart i boreLong after it was heard no moreQuestion 4The best thing that describes the first two lines is(I am in some doubt here)see, the answer can either beThe lines contain a metaphororThere are four beats or stresses in each line.(I say this because the poem is very musical. The poem itself is about music, the song of the reaper.)It can also be the power of metaphor that characterises these two lines. The wonderful imagery that the poet presents of a solitary lass. The image is too romatic and pastoral....rural...I think we could go with the last choice........that is metaphor!Question 5This is easy....the answer isMemory enables us to repeat our sensory experiences.he ends the poem saying,her music in my heart i boreLong after it was heard no more.he hopes that his memory could keep the sweetness of her song forever inhis heart.Moreover, Wordsworth defines poetry as The spontaneous over-flow of powerful emotions, recollected in tranquility that means, poetry happens to him, when he recollects events of past from his memory in a state of tranquility.Question 6here also the answer is simple Although I don???t know what she???s singing about, the girl???s song sounds as if it could go on forever. her song is continous, sweet, melodic, emotional and powerful that it seems...it will he having no end....it was enchanting that the poet listened to it...standing there motionless and still .hope my answers will help you a lot........again i beg pardon for answering late. Wish you all the best and good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5363
Recycled best answer:Please don t expect us to answer your exam question! That s cheating.However, I will help you answer it for yourself.First, you need to know what MOOD is? It is how either the author is feeling or how he wants you to feel. Look at the poem. Is Wordsworth describing happy things? Are people dancing for joy? Or is he describing violent things? Or sad things?Once you have looked at that, you have a clue as to the mood of the poem. Now, read through the whole thing. Does the mood change? Did it start happy and switch to sad (or the other way around)?To answer your question in detail, first determine the mood by the above method and then use quotes to back up your determination.Good luck.

QUESTION ID: MODD27VUOC5O8UE
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to calculate molecular weight of palm oil?can someone plzz help to show the method?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4064
palm oil is not a pure compound. it is a triglyceride that is composed of a mixture of fatty acids: mainly palmitic acid, oleic acid and linoleic acid. (but also myristic acid and stearic acid). It has a saponification value of 196 - 210. The saponification value can be used to estimate the moleculaer weight of the oil. (milligrams of KOH to saponify 1 gram of oil/fat)RCOOCH2CH(OCOR )CH2OCOR + 3KOH -->ROH + R OH + R OH + K00CH2CH(OCOK)CH2OCOK203 mg KOH = 0.00362 mole0.00362 / 3 = 0.001206 mole palm oil1 g / MW = 0.001206 moleMW estimate = 829
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62356
First, you need to know the molecular formula.  If the molecule was water, the formula is H(subscript:2)O.The subscript 2 following the H means there are 2 atoms of H (H is hydrogen).  No subscript after the O means there is 1 atom of Oxygen in each molecule.Look up the atomic weight of each atom on the periodic table.  H is approx 1, and O is 16.  So two hydrogen atoms weighing 1 unit each plus one oxygen atom weighing 16 units totals 18 units.  One water molecule has a molecular weight of 18 units.Now find the formula for palm oil, and repeat the above procedure.Unfortunately, a quick glance at wikipedia suggests that Palm Oil might not be just one molecule.

QUESTION ID: MOMNHNRC5IYWNG5
QUESTION SUBJECT: Information on how to lower High Blood Pressure?
QUESTION CONTENT: Does anyone know what will help lower High Blood pressure without a lot of Drugs. I realize Exercise and less salt intake is 2 things. Does Garlic help.??  Also if High Blood pressure is caused by Stress then would taking  B Stress Vitamins pills help.I really need some advise on this before resorting to further Drugs. Thanks.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88851
If you have heart disease, diabetes, kidney disease etc., you should take anti-hypertensive drugs and cholesterol lowering drugs.Lifestyle changes can help you control and prevent high blood pressure ??? even if you re taking blood pressure medication. Here s what you can do:    * Eat healthy foods. Try the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, which emphasizes fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low-fat dairy foods. Get plenty of potassium, which can help prevent and control high blood pressure. Eat less saturated fat and total fat. Limit the amount of sodium in your diet. Although 2,400 milligrams (mg) of sodium a day is the current limit for otherwise healthy adults, limiting sodium intake to 1,500 mg a day will have a more dramatic effect on your blood pressure.    * Maintain a healthy weight. If you re overweight, losing even 5 pounds can lower your blood pressure.    * Increase physical activity. Regular physical activity can help lower your blood pressure and keep your weight under control. Strive for at least 30 minutes of physical activity a day.    * Limit alcohol. Even if you re healthy, alcohol can raise your blood pressure. If you choose to drink alcohol, do so in moderation ??? up to one drink a day for women, two drinks a day for men.    * Don t smoke. Tobacco injures blood vessel walls and speeds up the process of hardening of the arteries. If you smoke, ask your doctor to help you quit.    * Manage stress. Reduce stress as much as possible. Practice healthy coping techniques, such as muscle relaxation and deep breathing. Getting plenty of sleep can help, too.    * Practice slow, deep breathing. Do it on your own or try device-guided paced breathing. In various clinical trials, regular use of Resperate ??? an over-the-counter device approved by the Food and Drug Administration to analyze breathing patterns and help guide inhalation and exhalation ??? significantly lowered blood pressure.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1482
well I understand I had high blood pressure too. I lowered it by drinking apple cider vinegar every day, and eating mrs.dash subsitute for salt, and lots of vegetables, fruits, and oatmeal. and of course 30-45minutes of cardio everyday. doesnt take much. Good Luck.

QUESTION ID: MPX0CU3GS6PAYLM
QUESTION SUBJECT: why does exercise lower your blood pressure?  thanks.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 43444
Stronger, well conditioned muscles are more efficient than weaker, poorly conditioned ones, including the heart. They require less oxygen to do the same amount of work.When you use your muscles the need for oxygen increases. This starts the heart to pumping harder and faster. But only a certain amount of blood can travel through the circulatory system at a given time. As this maximum amount is approached a back pressure begins due to the resistance in the veins and arteries. Blockages from plaque (cholesterol) can increase the resistance. Thus, an increase of blood pressure is experienced.A stronger, well conditioned heart also pumps blood more efficiently.Exercise improves the muscles efficiency and helps reduce plaque buildup by washing it away slowly over time with the improved blood flow. For more information see the links in the sources box below.Sincerely,TerryI have a question:Did anyone else realize that TICH4592 first said there is no such thing as blood pressure, but then he went on to explain what it is?I am no hydraulic expert but when a fluid is moved through a closed loop, pressure is created. When we pump water through a closed pipe system, water pressure is created. When our heart pumps blood through our closed circulatory system, blood pressure is created.There s no such thing as Blood Pressure ? Com n TICH4592, get real! And you call your self a Cardiovascular Physicist . Shame, shame, shame and sham, sham, sham!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11902
There is no such thing as blood pressure , although there are four pressures associated with blood flow round the cardiovascular system. Here s how it works.When you exercise, more physical stress requires more blood flow around the vascular system. The greater the stress, the greater cardiac output is required, so (besides dilating the blood vessels to facilitate flow), the brain both increases mean arterial pressure and pulse rate, giving greater output volume at each heart-beat, and more heart-beats per minute. Since pulse-pressure (the difference between systolic and diastolic pressures) is directly proportional to stroke volume, the greater stroke volume increases pulse pressure accordingly.Since the systolic pressure is mean pressure (and remember, the brain has increased this) PLUS two-thirds of pulse pressure, {Ps = Pm + 2Pp/3} systolic pressure also increases. So increased exercise means increased systolic pressure, as well as increased mean pressure, all because blood flow has to increase. Diastolic pressure also increases at the aortic valve, but often this does not show at the brachial artery, (although because of arteriosclerosis) it usually does in the elderly, because a sclerotic arterial system more accurately reflects the pressures generated within the left ventricle.Sorry if the truth hurts.How nice to have an intelligent conversation. There are four pressures, Ps, Pd, Pm, and Pp, each of which behaves differently. The level of each is detemined by a different equation for any cardiac power output, so they do not rise, nor fall together and so can t simply be lumped together and called the blood pressure .   Firstly, I  didn t explain what IT is; I explained what each did; - quite a diff rent concept.I have a question for you. One, the first of 3  readings of what you call the blood pressure measured by auscultation at the brachial artery is 160/80. The second is 170/70 - Has IT risen? -or has IT fallen? And the third one is 150/90.....what s happened now? Has IT (what you call the blood pressure) risen? fallen? or what? I m able to describe to you in detail exactly what s happened. (Incidentally, they re actual clinical readings taken from a set of records of a 24 hr monitor of a patient). They are crystal clear to me. What do you have, as an explanation?I repeat: THERE IS NO SUCH PARAMETER AS THE BLOOD PRESSURE . It exists only in the collective mind of the Medical Industry.Incidentally, I would observe simply that it is quite obvious that you are no hydraulics expert. It is the pressure gradient caused by pumping that makes the fluid traverse the conduit, not the other way round, as you postulate.Oh, and incidentally too, there is absolutely not a shred of scientific evidence, in any research texts, that the total peripheral arterial impedance (not resistance -look it up) increases with flow. Quite the opposite. Impedance decreases with increasing flow, because of vasodilatation induced by the brain via the central nervous system.

QUESTION ID: MPYYX2IG004K1HG
QUESTION SUBJECT: Would some one please guide me about how to lower down Triglycerides and increase up HDL s.?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am doing work out and eating healthy food.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42330
Continue to work out 3 to 5 times a week for at least 30 to 40 minutes.  Eat less carbs.  That means no cookies, pies, cake, ice cream, candy, (foods with sugar) and reduce the amount of heavy starchy foods like mashed potatoes, pasta, bread etc.  If you continue on a diet such as that and still can t get your triglycerides down, you might want to talk to your Dr. about some cholesterol lowering medications.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86520
Minimize processed carbs and sugars, and stay away from saturated fats.  Complex carbs like legumes are ok, and plenty of non starchy vegetables. Little meat and lots of fish.  Supplement your diet with the fish oils, 4-6 capsules a day.  The next best thing is niacin, the inositol type. Don t take it straight or you ll get a big hot flush.  I take 1000 mg in the morning and 1000 at night.  The combo of niacin and fish oil has kept my TG and HDL levels at an acceptable rate for the last 7 years.  My brothers who do not supplement ended up on Lipitor.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86521
There are foods that help boost HDL, but long moderate pace cardio exercise also helps raise it.  Breathing should stay relaxed, never huffing and puffing.For tri-g s, less alcohol and sweets, carbs maybe, too.Niacin helps raise HDL. (don t recall the source of this article)The upper daily limit of safety for niacin is 35 mg daily in adults. Highlighted sources have minimal fat, oil or cholesterolFood                       Serving                     Niacin (mg)Chicken (light meat)    3 ounces* (cooked, no skin)10.6Turkey (light meat)      3 ounces (cooked, no skin)5.8Beef (lean)      3 ounces (cooked)           3.1Salmon                      3 ounces (cooked)          8.5Tuna (light, in water)         3 ounces                               11.3Bread (whole wheat)1 slice                          1.1Cereal (unfortified)1 cup                       5-7Cereal (fortified)                1 cup                                20-27Pasta (enriched)                1  cup (cooked)             2.3Peanuts                         1 ounce (dry roasted)3.8Lentils                          1 cup (cooked)            2.1Lima beans                  1 cup (cooked)          1.8Coffee (brewed)              1 cup                                 0.5

QUESTION ID: MQGHOXVSC5EFUSX
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can scientists know age by carbon tests when not knowing of all the variables that could be through time?
QUESTION CONTENT: Remember... the earth is flat... because they said so... If you don t agree... OFF WITH YOUR HEAD!Seems like truth goes through same steps; first hated, then spoken out against, then tried to be destroyed, then accepted by all (eventually). But this carbon dating was gladly accepted :) hmmm then how old is the moon?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78577
well, you are right.  the validity of radiocarbon dating depends on the assumption that the half-life of carbon-14 isotopes does not change with time.but, one of the principles of most use in scientific investigations is occam s razor, which says that when presented with a choice, usually the simplest answer is the most correct.  so, it is -assumed- that the half-life was not different a thousand years ago.  however, it is possible.  but radiocarbon dates have been validated by other methods (such as counting rings on big trees, for instance) and there is no evidence for any change in the half-life of carbon in the time that the method has been in use.  also, a time-invariant half-life fits in with the current understanding of nuclear decays, so it seems pretty unlikely that it would change over time.as for the moon, it is not a candidate for carbon dating, which only works on samples that were alive at some point - bones, trees, antlers etc.  the basic idea is that the living organism exchanges carbon with the environment while it s alive, and stops doing so when it dies.  since the proportion of radioactive carbon in the environment is fixed, then when the organism dies, it s decaying carbon-14 content stops being replenished by eating, breathing etc.  so since the moon is mostly rock, and no biological processes exist (that we know of) on the moon, carbon dating doesn t work there.so anyway, in general i agree that everyone should be a skeptic.  nobody should blindly accept something just because they are told it is so but should try to understand the whys and hows and come to understand it themselves!  these days science is treated with almost as much reverence as religion once was.  long ago, if the pope said something was so, it was so - and now, if a scientist says something is so, people accept it as so!  unfortunately this is just one of the fundamental problems of human nature - we often accept what we are told because it s told to us by an authority.   so it makes me happy when someone asks questions that challenge the assumptions!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26872
Because Carbon-14 has a half-life of 5730 years. This is a constant, and not affected by variables. While it s true that some early Christian writers (not scientists) questioned the earth being round in the Middle Ages, it was accepted as scientific fact that the Earth was rount by the first century (AD 100).

QUESTION ID: MR53S2PUF3PF1SE
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can i help my dad reduce cholestrol?
QUESTION CONTENT: WHAT TYPES OF DIETS OR FOODS SHOULD HE EAT OR WHAT SHOULD HE DO?he also thinks that he might die how can i help to increase hes self esteem
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77651
From the medical aspect (the cholesterol issue), he should consult with his doctor to work out a diet / medication plan. A diet low in fats is recommended for reducing cholesterol. There are also numerous cholesterol-lowering medications out there on the market that can help when the diet alone isn t enough. For the other question, it sounds as if your dad could be suffering from depression. He should consult with his doctor and work out a treatment plan for this as well. He may need to seek professional therapy or medical treatment. The best thing you can do for him in this case is just be there. Listen to him, talk to him, and love him. Include him in your everyday routines to make him feel more needed / appreciated and make sure to give him lots of praise (verbal) for the help that he gives you daily. Good luck and I hope everything works out for the best...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26214
have him eat oatmeal everyday. give up foods that have trans fatty acids in them..Lots of fruits, veggies, low fat meat, fish and whole grains, low fat dairy .Your father should take a multi vitamin along with a fish oil supplement.    exercise, exercise, exercise..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26215
Low Saturated Fat DietLet s take this one part at a time. Notice it didn t say a diet very low in fat ... it said a diet very low in saturated fat . You may recall issue 4 which included the article: Beginning Food Chemistry 104 (or Fats and Oils - What s the deal?). This explains what a saturated fat is. The point is to avoid the saturated ones. The others oils, such as olive oil, avocado oil, lecithin, nut oils, and most importantly, fish oils (or flax if you prefer), are very necessary to your mental, nerve, skin, and hormonal health, and they can even help you lose weight, such as CLA (Conjugated Linoleic Acid) and omega 3 oils. So, it s not that fat is bad, just saturated fats. Caveat: non-saturated fats can be worse than the saturated ones if they are allowed to oxidize. This means avoid medium to high heat cooking (250 Deg. F. is as high as you need; be patient, cooking time is increased a little), plus keep your oil bottles capped and out of light. Saturated fats are more stable and therefore won t go bad as easily, but that doesn t make them good for your health. The big food giants know they are bad, but stability (and economics) wins over what s good for your health. If you are going to use some saturated fats, use vegetable ones (that are real) such as coconut. No margarine; butter if you absolutely must.This article discusses a whole slew of foods to eat and avoid, it is a good reference, take a look:http://www.doctorphyto.com/Library/Editorials/Food_Chemistry/Beginning_Food_Chemistry_106B.htm

QUESTION ID: MRMG5MS2TK7XS11
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long do people with concested  heart failure last?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 9493
Conjested Heart failure- Some people can live years with it and others get it and die right away. My Mom had it for 5 years before she passed on. My GrandMother on the other hand had it for about a month and passed on. Usually happens when people get really old and are about to pass on, but it does ocassionally hit younger people too. My Mom was only 63 when she died, but she had a whole sleugh of other health problems with hers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9494
depends...some yrs, some not...get help...get meds...take Dr s orders...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44078
Heart failure affects nearly 5 million Americans. Roughly 550,000 people are diagnosed with heart failure each year. It is the leading cause of hospitalization in people older than 65.  There are 4 stages of heart failure, how long someone has depends upon what stage they are in.  Click this link for the the 4 stages and what is done at each stage:http://www.webmd.com/heart-disease/guide-heart-failure?page=3Today there are more options available for heart failure than ever before. Tight control over your medications and lifestyle coupled with careful monitoring are the first steps. As the condition progresses, doctors specializing in the treatment of heart failure can offer more advanced treatment options.  The goals of treating heart failure are primarily to decrease the likelihood of disease progression (thereby decreasing the risk of death and the need for hospitalization), to lessen symptoms and to improve quality of life.Heart failure does not mean the heart has stopped working. Rather, it means that the heart s pumping power is weaker than normal. With heart failure, blood moves through the heart and body at a slower rate, and pressure in the heart increases. As a result, the heart cannot pump enough oxygen and nutrients to meet the body s needs. The chambers of the heart respond by stretching to hold more blood to pump through the body or by becoming more stiff and thickened. This helps to keep the blood moving for a short while, but in time, the heart muscle walls weaken and are unable to pump as strongly. As a result, the kidneys often respond by causing the body to retain fluid (water) and sodium. If fluid builds up in the arms, legs, ankles, feet, lungs or other organs, the body becomes congested, and congestive heart failure is the term used to describe the condition.Click this link also for a lot more informative and helpful info:http://www.webmd.com/heart-disease/guide-heart-failure

QUESTION ID: MS367H8IPH8HAXL
QUESTION SUBJECT: On a scale of 1-10 how many points will u give to the following wrestlers?
QUESTION CONTENT: Just copy the following in your answer&give ur points :Hulk Hogan -Ric Flair -Roddy Piper -Ultimate Warrior - Bret Hart -Shawn Michaels -Stone Cold -The Rock -Triple H -Chris Benoit -Eddie Guerrero -Undertaker -Kane -John Cena -Randy Orton -Batista -Mr. Kennedy -The Great Khali -Big Show -Forgive me if any of your favorite is not in it.ENJOY!!!!!!!!!!!!MONTITUDE IS BACKI will calculate all those points&then post your decision next time
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 10101
Hulk Hogan - 4Ric Flair - 9Roddy Piper - 7Ultimate Warrior - 8Bret Hart - 9Shawn Michaels - 8Stone Cold - 8The Rock - 7Triple H - 9Chris Benoit - 8Eddie Guerrero - 7Undertaker - 9Kane - 9John Cena - 2Randy Orton - 8Batista - 4Mr. Kennedy - 8The Great Khali - 7Big Show - 8
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15888
Hulk Hogan - 5Ric Flair -7Roddy Piper - 2Ultimate Warrior - 1Bret Hart - 0Shawn Michaels -10Stone Cold -9The Rock -8Triple H -10Chris Benoit -10Eddie Guerrero -4Undertaker -10Kane -10John Cena -10Randy Orton -0Batista -7Mr. Kennedy -0The Great Khali -7Big Show -0
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15889
Hulk Hogan -5Ric Flair -8Roddy Piper -8Ultimate Warrior -5Bret Hart -8Shawn Michaels -8Stone Cold -10The Rock -10Triple H -5Chris Benoit -10Eddie Guerrero -10Undertaker -9Kane -6John Cena -6Randy Orton -5Batista -6Mr. Kennedy -5The Great Khali -2Big Show 4
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 19272
Hulk Hogan -5Ric Flair -2Roddy Piper -1Ultimate Warrior -1Bret Hart -1Shawn Michaels -0Stone Cold -10The Rock -100Triple H -0Chris Benoit -10Eddie Guerrero -0Undertaker -5Kane -5John Cena -1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000...Randy Orton -00000Batista -5Mr. Kennedy -0The Great Khali -5Big Show -0
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46468
Hulk Hogan- 8Ric Flair- 9Roddy Piper- 7Ultimate Warrior- 7Bret Hart-9Shawn Michaels-7Stone Cold-6Rock-7HHH- 7Benoit- 7Eddie Guerrero- 6Undertaker-8Kane-5J Cena- 7Randy Orton- 6Batista- 6Mr Kennedy- 7Great Khali- 4Big Show- 4Hopefully this helps!!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46469
The Storm likes a number of these wrestlers. Heres The Storms ratings:Hulk Hogan - 4Ric Flair - 8Roddy Piper - 7Ultimate Warrior - 5Bret Hart - 9Shawn Michaels - 9Stone Cold - 8The Rock - 8Triple H - 8Chris Benoit - 8Eddie Guerrero - 6Undertaker - 9Kane - 7John Cena - 4Randy Orton - 6Batista - 5Mr. Kennedy - 8The Great Khali - 3Big Show - 6
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46470
Hulk Hogan - 0Ric Flair - 10Roddy Piper - 8Ultimate Warrior - 4Bret Hart - 10Shawn Michaels - 8Stone Cold - 8 The Rock - 10Triple H - 10Chris Benoit - 4Eddie Guerrero - 10 Undertaker - 10 Kane - 9John Cena - 0Randy Orton - 7Batista - 0Mr. Kennedy - 9The Great Khali - 10Big Show -  7
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46471
Hulk Hogan - 2.Ric Flair - 9.Roddy Piper - 7.Ultimate Warrior - 1.Bret Hart - 10.Shawn Michaels - 10.Stone Cold - 9.The Rock - 9.Triple H - 8.Chris Benoit - 10.Eddie Guerrero - 10.Undertaker - 7.Kane - 4.John Cena - 6.Randy Orton - 5.Batista - 1.Mr. Kennedy - 6.The Great Khali - 1.Big Show - 4.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46472
Hulk Hogan -5RicFlair -5Roddy Piper -5Ultimate Warrior -5Bret Hart -7Shawn Michaels -5Stone Cold -8The Rock -9Triple H -9Chris Benoit -2Eddie Guerrero -8Undertaker -9Kane -9John Cena -2Randy Orton -9Batista -5Mr. Kennedy -8The Great Khali -4Big Show -8
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46473
Hulk Hogan - Ehh. a 6.Ric Flair - 7.Roddy Piper - Don t knowUltimate Warrior - Don t knowBret Hart - 7Shawn Michaels - 9.5Stone Cold - 10The Rock - 8Triple H - 10Chris Benoit - 9Eddie Guerrero - Never watched him wrestle. (Even though he s dead.)Undertaker - 10Kane - 9John Cena - 2Randy Orton - 3Batista - 7Mr. Kennedy - 1The Great Khali - 5Big Show - 4
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46474
Hulk Hogan - 10Ric Flair - 7Roddy Piper - Don t know himUltimate Warrior - 8Bret Hart - 6Shawn Michaels - 9Stone Cold - 9The Rock - 9Triple H - 8Chris Benoit - 6Eddie Guerrero - 2Undertaker - 8Kane - 7John Cena - 10Randy Orton - 8Batista - 10Mr. Kennedy - 9The Great Khali - 1Big Show - Don t know him
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46475
Hulk Hogan - 3                    Ric Flair - 5Roddy Piper -  7Ultimate Warrior - 5Bret Hart -   7Shawn Michaels -   9Stone Cold -    10The Rock -    10Triple H -     10Chris Benoit -   before 7, Now 1Eddie Guerrero - 8Undertaker -   9Kane -   9John Cena -    6Randy Orton -   10++Batista -     7Mr. Kennedy -   6The Great Khali -  3Big Show -    7

QUESTION ID: MVE6O4O7QWVUWVX
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do we yawn?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 26855
THE TRUTH IS that we don???t completely understand why people, or animals for that matter, yawn.It???s widely assumed that yawning occurs because we are tired or bored or because we see someone else doing it, but there isn???t any hard evidence to support these beliefs.Scientists do not purport to know all of the biological mechanisms of the yawn, but tend to agree that a yawn is an involuntary respiratory reflex, which regulates the carbon dioxide and oxygen levels in the blood.Technically, a yawn is the reflex opening of the mouth followed by the deep inhalation and slow exhalation of oxygen.The very act of yawning is but one of a number of involuntary reflexes controlled by the spinal and nerve centers.Scientists speculate that the onset of a yawn is triggered either by fatigue, or by sheer boredom as, at those times, breathing is shallow, and little oxygen is carried to the lungs by the oxygen-toting cardiovascular system.When one yawns, his or her alertness is heightened, as the sudden intake of oxygen increases the heart rate, rids the lungs and the bloodstream of the carbon dioxide buildup, and forces oxygen through blood vessels in the brain, while restoring normal breathing and ventilating the lungs.This quite plausible theory of yawning falls short of explaining many aspects of yawning. Scientists explain away the contagious nature of yawning, that is when one person s yawn triggers another nearby to yawn, as due to the power of suggestion, but are at a loss when attempting to explain why yawning occurs excessively in patients with lower brainstem damage or with multiple sclerosis.Other unlocked mysteries include why fetuses in the womb yawn, when it is a well-known fact that they do not intake oxygen into their lungs until after live birth, or why individuals with high concentrations of oxygen in their blood streams yawn.Until these questions are answered, do not assume that a person who yawns in your presence is bored with what you are saying, or suffers from exhaustion. Simply be pleased that he or she is not bored to death.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78569
Causes of yawningA long-standing hypothesis is that yawning is caused by an excess of carbon dioxide and lack of oxygen in the blood. The brain stem detects this and triggers the yawn reflex. The mouth stretches wide and the lungs inhale deeply, bringing oxygen into the lungs and hence to the bloodstream. It is almost certain however, that this hypothesis is not correct; a more recent hypothesis is that yawning is used for regulation of body temperature. Another hypothesis is that yawns are caused by the same chemicals (neurotransmitters) in the brain that affect emotions, mood, appetite and other phenomena. These chemicals include serotonin, dopamine, glutamic acid and nitric oxide. As more of these compounds are activated in the brain, the frequency of yawning increases. Conversely, a greater presence in the brain of opiate neurotransmitters such as endorphins, reduces the frequency of yawning. Patients taking the serotonin reuptake inhibitor Paxil (Paroxetine HCl) have been observed yawning abnormally often.Another theory is that yawning is similar to stretching. Yawning, like stretching, increases blood pressure and heart rate and also flexes many muscles and joints. Some have observed that if you try to stifle or prevent a yawn by clenching your jaws shut, the yawn is unsatisfying. As such, the stretching of jaw and face muscles seems to be necessary for a good yawn.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82773
cause we re tired

QUESTION ID: MVMY5KU4L6JQQTL
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why Do The Tokeluans  Of The Pacific Islands Whose Cholesterol Levels Are 240-300mg/dl  Have VERY VERY LOW CHD
QUESTION CONTENT: The Tokeluans of the Pacific Islands eat a diet very  rich in saturated fat with their coconuts. They have some of the LOWEST  rates of Coronary Heart Disease out of the already  very low rates  of the cultures  below.- Same thing  with Maasai, Dinkas , Samburu ,French, Inuits If the Lipid Hypothesis is true which I can prove it is not, WHY aren t the Tokeluans RIDDLED with Coronary Heart Disease. ?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 42615
Gee, Ashley A/Razwell R/ CholesteroFraud C.  I don t know why don t you tell us?Could it be they are not couch potatoes like us and actually get up and get some exercise?  Do they fail to sprinkle salt on everything they eat?  Do they eat lots of fish with omega 3 fatty acids?  Do they come from a shallow gene pool with good genes?  Do they get eaten by sharks by the time they are 40 yrs old?I have got to admit I have enjoyed our debate today.  If I don t hear from you again it has been fun.Again to:  Ashley A/Razwell R/ CholesteroFraud CSo, the Tokeluans eat coconuts.  Wonder if the coconuts contain vitamins and antioxidants?The French are a paradox, that is why it s called the French Paradox, nobody is sure why the are healthy.  Just Lucky?The Inuits have fatty diets.  Could it be they need all those calories to stay warm?  We should all move to Alaska to avoid heart disease.The Japanese have high animal fat consumption.  Gee... I wonder if they eat a lot of fish... sushi comes from them... could be a connection there.LOL :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16187
Age adjusted incidence of the Tokeluans Maasai Dinkas Samburu InuitsIt is NOT eatenby predators. Don t eat that much fish MAINLY COCONUTS. That leaves us Maasai, Dinkas ,Samburu ,Inuits  and FrenchThe French have the lowest rate of CHD in the WHOLE MEDITERRANEAN AND  LOWEST RATE IN THE  WHOLE WEST . And the area of France that consumes most of it s calories from ggoseliver has the LOWEST RATE OF CHD IN FranceooooooopsThe Inuits who eat one of the most saturate rich diets of anyone have the LOWEST RATE OF CHD OUT OF ANYONE  ANYONEOOOOOOOOOOOOOPSThis is VERY EMBARASSIGN to persons like Harmony and other misguided  proponents of the FALSE Lipid Hypothesis That leaves us the Japanese whose animal fat consumption has GONE UP BY 260 % since 1961 when Greece held the longevity title.If saturated fat were harmful THEN SOMEONE FORGOT TO TELL THE JAPAENSE, FOR THEIR ASCENDANCY TO THE TOP OF THE LONGEVITY LADDER DOES NOT APPEAR HARMED IN ANY WAY FROM INCREASING ANIMAL FAT CONSUMPTIONIt is INTERESTING   TO NOTE THAT SWEDISH MEN , who eat a diet RICH IN ANIMAL FAT , ARE SECOND on the longevity ladder right behind Japan by A MERE 2 MONTHS  Harmony is exposed,

QUESTION ID: MX88UMM8WKXGH1O
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long do you have to wait after a bypass surgery to climb stairs in your house?
QUESTION CONTENT: I recently had a bypass and I have a double story house but I dont know if its alright to go upstairs yet.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44299
Phantomlimb7 is correct.  I can also attest to this because I have been through the same thing!  It depends upon you and what is normal for you.  If you can make some of the stairs without shortness of breath or significant tireness, keep slowly going.  If you become short of breath or extremely tired STOP and rest. One of the best formsof exercise you can do after open heart surgery and is highly recommended by doctors is walking, walking, and more walking!.  It strengthens your heart and body.  The hospital staff had me up walking the day after my open heart surgery.  But it was slow going at first, but you gradually work your way up.  I slowly started going up and down stairs.  If I got tired, I would stop and rest.  Soon, you will be going up and down those stairs without problems!!  I would strongly suggest though that you have someone behind you at all times when you are going up the stairs, and someone in front of you when you are coming down the stairs especially until your breast bone is totally healed.  You surely don t want to trip and fall so someone should be there to help you out, even if you feel as though you don t need the help right now.  Everyone is different in their recovery.  I am just talking from personal experience, but go by what your physicians tells you can do at this time.  Best wishes to you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44300
On the opposite end of the scale, I was banned from climbing stairs for 5 months and then only if I was very careful .  I was a very, very sick boy and had complications.If you had complications I urge you ask your Doctor before you try. Be rough to wake up in the great beyond over going up stairs too early! It s a reasonable question to ask your Doctor.  Good topic for follow up appointments too.

QUESTION ID: MXL5FS8GHUHGU1R
QUESTION SUBJECT: A person with high cholesterol, how is it dangerous? what level? what about  person with normal cholesterol?
QUESTION CONTENT: High blood pressure caused by stress,is it dangerous?can it cause outbreak of blood vessel in the brain?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 37264
When you look at all the people in the U.S. who have died from clogged arteries I think you will say it is pretty important. The best way I have found to keep my cholesterol under control naturally is to Eat right, not diet but good for you foods that are fantastic. Check out the YOU on a diet menu at realage.com. I also take psyllium husk veg caps everyday, they are a natural fiber. When I first went to the Dr. for a heart work-up and blood work they said my cholesterol was way too high and wanted me to start some prescription drug for life. Well I am into natural so I went and found a product called red yeast rice and in 2 months my numbers went down 100 points..And there was no side effects at all!!On high blood pressure and outbreak of blood vessel in the brain which is called a brain aneurysm. This is possible if you have a weak artery in the brain. I know many people who have had this happen to them. Also high blood pressure under stress (anger) can cause you to have a heart attack if your heart is clogged already. This happened to my Dad.I am into this stuff because in the last 2 years my father had 2 bad heart attacks in a weeks time and he has high blood pressure. And my mother has a brain aneurysm that thank God did not rupture. I don t know if we can talk back and forth here but if we can I will be happy to help you if I can. Check into the natural stuff when it comes to your health. It is much better for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37265
Apprehensions, expressed in this question, are correct; but anybody with these problems, can reduce ALL these risks by listening to and IMPLEMENTING, competent medical advice. In these days of high stress, fast life, junk food and improper management of time&nutrition, such problems are on the rise, but so is availability of improved medical treatment.

QUESTION ID: N0GUN7NL5KCV47J
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does leukemia start off?
QUESTION CONTENT: A friend of mine has a myeloproliferative blood disorder, which is the overproduction of blood cells.  Is this the start of leukemia?What should she expect in terms of her health?  Please share your stories, if you have experienced anything like this.She is about to start chemotherapy and wanted to get feeback from folks who have gone through something similar.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84322
The myeloproliferative diseases ( MPD s) are a group of diseases of the bone marrow where excess cells are produced. They are related to, and may evolve into, myelodysplastic syndrome and acute myeloid leukemia, although the myeloproliferative diseases on the whole have a much better prognosis than these conditions. The concept of myeloproliferative disease was first proposed in 1951 by the eminent hematologist William Dameshek.Although not a malignant neoplasm, MPDs are classified within the hematological neoplasms.The myeloproliferative diseases are (with ICD-O codes provided):(9863/3) Chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) (9950/3) Polycythemia vera (PCV) (9962/3) Essential thrombocytosis (ET) (9932/3, 9961/1) Myelofibrosis (increased connective tissue with decreased room for production of normal blood cells). All MPDs arise from precursors of the myeloid lineage in thebone marrow. The lymphoid lineage may produce similar diseases, the lymphoproliferative disorders (acute lymphoblastic leukemia, lymphomas, chronic lymphocytic leukemia and multiple myeloma).Yes It is perfectly in order to start Chemotheraphy and other treatemtns as may be suggested by your Oncologist. It is the only way to control the diseasen though she will have very bad side effects. Most chemotherapy regimens require that the patient is capable to undergo the treatment. Performance status is often used as a measure to determine whether a patient can receive chemotherapy, or whether dose reduction is required.the side-effects of Chemotheraph are -The treatment can be physically exhausting for the patient. Current chemotherapeutic techniques have a range of side effects mainly affecting the fast-dividing cells of the body. Important common side-effects include (dependent on the agent):Hair loss Nausea and vomiting Diarrhea or constipation Anemia But everything can be overcome. Give full encouragement to your friend and she will be alright in due course of time. Best of Luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9608
Please check this site for info:http://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/hm_llsBest wishes!

QUESTION ID: N1KWB1M8HYW5TK1
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does a nebula of gas and space dust end up forming a star:  What is the chemical mechanism?
QUESTION CONTENT: Check out the Crab Nebula on Hubble s website.  Incredible.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69039
I don t know.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22460
Its more of a physics+chemical mechanism actually. The force of gravity of the Dark Nebula condenses the predominantly Hydrogen clouds to form the star. The elements with relatively heavier mass like He accumulate at the centre and lighter elements like H at the surface and protostars are born from Dark Nebula. ONE NOTE: Scientist still dont have evidence if this is actually the mechanism. There might be a lot of chemical(nuclear) reactions involved at that temperature and conditions. Even the article from space.com below says must , if you see what i mean. In the inner regions of dark nebulae important events take place: the formation of stars. The discussion that follows will be slightly oversimplified by the assumption that a nebula has very little net rotation. Since the density in a star is immensely greater than that in a nebula, star formation must occur through condensation. The force of gravity in the nebula constantly pulls it together, working against the disruptive collisions of any one nebula or cloud with its neighbours and against the pressure provided by an internal magnetic field. But, even if gravity can hold the cloud together against other forces, the cloud cannot collapse unless it can cool; gravitational energy is released in a contraction and would heat the gas cloud, thus increasing the outward pressure and preventing further collapse. The dust grains are efficient emitters of infrared radiation, which escapes, removing the energy from the nebula. A cloud, therefore, contracts under its own gravity, radiating away half of the gravitational energy of the contraction, the other half going into heating the gas. As it contracts, the density and gravitational binding increase until finally the cloud s gravity so dominates the internal pressure that the material rushes inward in almost a free fall.While the entire cloud has been collapsing, it does not have a smooth density distribution but rather consists of a chaotic jumble of smaller clouds. These cloudlets pull themselves together by their own gravity into protostars, each of which is destined to be an individual stellar system. Most of these protostars are smaller than one solar mass, but a very few may be several (up to about 100) times as massive as the Sun. These few massive stars have a profound influence in the evolution of the nebula.

QUESTION ID: N550MBK07XYONDK
QUESTION SUBJECT: hOW CAN I LOWER MY BLOOD PRESSURE?
QUESTION CONTENT: Im 22 years old, 6 2 tall i weigh 228 lbs . and my blood pressure is between 135-158 over 90-100. please help me.PLEASE NO MEDICATIONS.i HAVE ALREADY BEEN TO THE DOCTORS!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50813
Diet Control, if you are overweight, lose weightRegular Exercise (consult physician before anything strenuous)Stress ManagementDecrease salt/sodium intakeIf you smoke, quitOne thing....have they checked for kidney function since you are so young and diagnosed with HTN.Hypertension Home RemediesExtensive article, read information provided by site below.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50814
Cut way down on your salt intake. Take fish oil capsules. Chop up garlic and throw it in your salads and vegetable dishes raw. Lose weight. (10-20 pounds wold probably be fine unless you are already very muscular.)Stop smoking cigarettes and drinking coffee.Drink only one glass of red wine a day.Get a massaging machine and work on the areas of your body where you store stress (like shoulders).Get enough sleep.Work out and make sure you incorporate some stretching exercises.If you don t get control and the situation gets worse, you re going to want to take a medication.  I take one half of one pill of lisinopril a day, and if I lost 20 pounds, probably I could go off of it. Uncontrolled blood pressure can be deadly, so pay attention. If you re sick, your BP will also go up.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50815
Since you are under medication your Physician would have got other tests like ECG, Blood, Urine etc. done and eliminated other causes. You have to change your life style first. Moderation is the motto for control of BP. Take regular exercises like Walking suited to your age and health condition. Reduce all fats and oil in your food. Above all do not  worry about  BP. Nowadays a lot of medicines for reduction of BP are available. Yoga and Meditation under proper Master helps a lot in reducing BP. Please note your age is favorable for you to get positive results. Disciplined Life will help the medication a lot. Be Cheerful. High BP is not a disease but only a Condition.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50816
Watch your diet and make sure you exercise.  Cut out animal fats and increase eating fish and try to relax more.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57662
Saturated fat is the main dietary cause of high blood cholesterol. Saturated fat is found mostly in foods from animals and some plants.Foods from animals include beef, beef fat, veal, lamb, pork, lard, poultry fat, butter, cream, milk, cheeses and other dairy products made from whole and 2 percent milk. All of these foods also contain dietary cholesterol. Foods from plants that contain saturated fat include coconut, coconut oil, palm oil and palm kernel oil (often called tropical oils), and cocoa butter.High cholesterol causes high blood pressure. The best thing for high cholesterol is Losing weight.    A plant-based diet in conjunction with a properly conducted fast most often leads to a total recovery or a vast improvement in hypertension and angina.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57663
People MUST get over this no medications obsession they have.  BP continually high is VERY risky in the long term.  I had high BP for years and years, started on medication in 1998, went along fine for a few years, though it was still a bit too high most of the time.  Inadequate treatment of high BP has led to me having serious heart disease.  I am only 56 and have had to endure a quadruple bypass operation on my heart, and now my heart is in diastolic failure.  In other words, the surgery didn t really help me, because it was too far gone, the grafts saved my life, but there is so much other disease nothing more can be done except medicate me to the eyeballs. I am a heart attack waiting to happen.  I have only fair quality of life as a result,  It is pretty confronting to know that you are not going to grow old, that you are too sick to consider travel, bush-walking or any other fun thing like beach cricket with the grand-kids etc.  THE TAKE HOME MESSAGE IS THAT IF DR SAYS YOU NEED MEDICATION OR ANY LIFESTYLE ADAPTIONS, THEN DO IT AND STOP STUFFING AROUND.  People who won t take what the dr suggests annoy me intensely.  It s only to keep you alive.  Helllllooooo?????

QUESTION ID: N5BXTDJAJD1MW7A
QUESTION SUBJECT: What are common late stage symptoms of cancer?  How do you know it s the end?
QUESTION CONTENT: A family member has stage 4 lung cancer.  He went through radiation on the brain and chemotherapy.  Recent scans show that the cancer has shrunk and remained stable.  However, the patient has recently become very confused, thin, and weak.  The doctors insist that all of his symptoms are caused by the cancer.  However, we are not so convinced.  He is on many medications, including several very strong pain meds.  The doctors think this is the end, and that his body could shut down anytime now.  Are we in denial?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 82740
I wish I could send you a book called Gone from My Signt .  It is a book I give to hospice patients families. It explains what to expect when the end is near in the weeks and days before death.  You and your family would benefit from a hospice consult. I hate to say it, but yeah I kind of think you may be in denial. He is on strong pain medicines because without them, his pain would be intolerable and the pain is the result of cancer. Cancer tumors shrink, but they grow in other places.  It is not terribly unusual for chemotherapy to become the cause of a weakened body resulting in death. Many people before they pass from the world develop what is called terminal restlessness .  It is charachterized by confusion and a restless state of being.  We believe it is caused by the mortal body and the soul preparing for separation  nearing  the time of death.   Often times, during this period, you can hear your dying family member talking to people who have already passed on even years before, and their eyes become fixed to the heavens. I know you do not want to lose your family member, but perhaps his soul would be at peace in a more restful place. Blessings and peace to your family.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30589
Is your family member eating enough?  It may be lack of nourishment that is causing these symptoms.  Did the doctors do a blood work-up to test for possible infections?  Symptoms sound similar to those of someone with an infection.  Could also be signs that the kidneys are shutting down and not processing toxins so well anymore.  There are so many variables and cancer is an unpredictable disease.  His oncologist is the one who can probably give you the most reliable answer. Nobody wants to hear that their family member or loved one is at the end stage of a terminal disease.  I would talk to the oncologist and prepare for whatever is next in this journey.  Look for cancer support groups such as the American Cancer Society.  Also, if the end is truly near, Hospice agencies are wonderful.  They can provide support to the patient and to family members too.  Good luck on this hard road.

QUESTION ID: N73UQIBEPT5HYJ1
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can i lower my blood pressure?
QUESTION CONTENT: Im perfectly healthy but i have slightly high blood pressure,played baseball growing up for 10 years wrestled in high school and college, got into alot of fights while growing up because i was a hot head.Is it just genetics or am i at risk of a heart attack?My mom told me to sign up for wrestling because i had so much aggression,and would come home with black eyes after school yard fights.I think my blood pressure caused it all.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85459
I find there are actually so many things that can be done to help lower blood pressure.  Diet is a very important factor, so researching and getting educated will pay off, as far as understanding what causes elevated blood pressure.  But this works for me, and I always get compliments from my doctor about my healthy blood pressure range (I m a 42 male, by the way).Include more fiber in your diet, specially soluble fiber.  Eat your oatmeal.  I use a lot of flaxseeds in my diet.  I grind them in a coffee grinder and mix it with almost everything.  With the flaxseed I obtain added nutrition with Omega-3 fats.  The soluble fiber acts in your gut as a sponge to Cholesterol, so less Cholesterol is absorbed from the diet.Transition from unhealthy fats to Healthy fats.  That is.. avoid.. Hydrogenated oils, the so called Trans fats.  I use plenty of olive oil in my diet, plus I eat nuts moderately, specially almonds and walnuts.This one is almost a miracle for blood pressure, garlic.  Add more garlic to your diet.   And if regular garlic odor to offensive for you our your significant one to bear, there are odorless tablets that they sell at the pharmacy or health store.   I suggest taking them daily and you ll see the miracle drop in your blood pressure.Keep active, exercise moderately at least 3 times a week.And please, please... don t try prescription drugs until you try some of the above.  I ve seen that most people who take them just want to keep on their unhealthy eating habits and having a pill working the miracle for them.   But in your case it seems that diet change will help you bring your levels to normal.I hope this helps!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85460
eat high fiber food.  eat oatmeal.  avoid eating fatty,oily and salty food.  Exercise
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85461
Eat a low-cholesterol, low-fat diet. This kind of diet includes cottage cheese, fat-free milk, fish (not canned in oil), vegetables, poultry, egg whites, and polyunsaturated oils and margarines (corn, safflower, canola, and soybean oils). Avoid foods with excess fat in them such as meat (especially liver and fatty meat), egg yolks, whole milk, cream, butter, shortening, lard, pastries, cakes, cookies, gravy, peanut butter, chocolate, olives, potato chips, coconut, cheese (other than cottage cheese), coconut oil, palm oil, and fried foods.Low sodium intake.(Sodium chloride, Monosodium glutamate, Sodium bicarbonate)*Regular exercise.*Stop tobacco smoking.*Stop consuming alcohol.*Reduce fat and oils in the diet.*Obesity - In obese subjects, losing a kilogram of mass generally reduces blood pressure by 2 mmHg. (Abdominal circumference should be less than 100 cms)*Control Diabetes Mellitus.*Avoid worry and stress.*Avoid occupational, aircraft and roadway noise exposure.Please see the web pages for more details on Hypertension and Atherosclerosis.

QUESTION ID: N7VUMYDE07EXIGM
QUESTION SUBJECT: Anyone have any idea how to beat hotflushes?
QUESTION CONTENT: Can t take HRT - had breast cancer. Tried yam cream (helps but doesn t beat them) they are driving me MAD!!!Is there a remedy safe to take bearing in mind cancer risks?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86889
Try Vitex (Agnus Castus).  You can get a bottle of the herbal fluid extract from most health shops and from Holland and Barratt.  This helped me and then I tried Acupuncture - absolutely amazing for me.  It initially cost me ??40 for the first treatment and consultation - almost 2 hours, and now once a month (only because I love it) I pay ??30 for an hour session.  Even though the first day I was scared to death of the needles, I didn t feel them going in my skin and afterwards I felt really fabulous - peaceful and cool and relaxed.  I just have acupuncture as a treat now!  Menopace, as a previous answerer suggested is also very helpful and there are vitamins and minerals in the capsules that you need more of at the time of menopause.  My sister in law swears by Dong Qui tablets.  Everyone is different and our bodies respond to different things.  Please don t try them all at once though - I know that desperate feeling, but, really, it will get easier!   All of the treatments I have mentioned are quite safe for someone who has had breast cancer, but even so, always consult your doctor or hospital consultant first.  They will most likely either say that none of these things are much good, or say that you can give them a try if you want to.  Be positive.  Things will get better, and anyway, you gradually get used to the hot flushes so that they no longer bother you the same!  xx
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86890
!bloomin nuisance ain t they,! cant get rid of them tho! i get loads of them per day, they make me feel awful!  but a cold drink and an old fashioned Spanish fan helps  i usually try and sit quiet for a few moments not long had one ugh!!!

QUESTION ID: N80UW5VB75WYWFF
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is utopianism and religion so heavily weaved into the human animal?
QUESTION CONTENT: I mean, even atheists think humans are special and occupy a space above all other animals.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 16585
I think it has to do with the blessing and curse of conciousness and imagination when it clashes with the idea of limited resources. Example: when you are in the wilderness and hungry and you kill a rabbit with a spear and roast it, you can t help but thinking too much about the subject, whereas a dog won t think too much of it. You ll imagine yourself in the rabbit s shoes, you ll wonder if the rabbit s family will avenge him, and all sort of stuff like that, so to come to terms with it, you ll have to agree that the a great power entitled you to kill the rabbit, or if not, you have to buy it in some way, maybe thank the rabbit king or something similar. In our society we don t think much of it, but the way we can get a meal every day is nothing short of miraculous.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70639
The human animal? Humans are mammals, yes, but animals???
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75554
I think both serve to elevate the human condition in different ways.Utopianism is a stab at hope. We strive for high ideals and it keeps us from settling, it keeps us apart from the other animals. In the end we know we can never reach perfections...soReligion is a stab at sanity. Making sense of all the hard questions. How to make things right. How things came to be. How things will be in the future. How we are supposed to act. Why is life so difficult? Who will take control of things since I cannot?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75555
Utopianism:1. An emotional dream pretending to be an intelectual concept.2. The unrealistic hope for a SIMPLE, good world to replace the real world.The real world [of humans]: A dizzying complexity of social processes&states, the net result of conflict&cooperation between uncountable human&enviromental factors, a world where 6 billion humans live with, relate&react to each other in infinite ways, from a kiss to regional trade negotiations, both of which can intentionally or unintentionally cause great pleasure, suffering, or other phenomena in other humans. Note that more humans are hurt, fullfiled, crushed, inspired, or even killed*  because of a kiss, than by thepolicies of any government.The human affinity with utopianism: An intelligent thing, eg a human, an alien, a self aware future computer called HAL, or a chimp, all process the infinite data coming in, the same way. they simplify it&try to match it to what they already know or can think up.  The real world[of humans]as mentioned previously is unknowable (except maybe for HAL if he is told the exact atomic structure of the whole of the earth). Humans don t like being unable to understand things, specially things as important as why are we going to war? why doesn t she love me anymore? why is the price of petrol rising? why is their so much poverty, rape, fraud... in the world? The truth is to answers these questions with certainty, you must know everything about the brains of every human on earth and in history as well as everything in their enviroment (thus the atomic structure of the earth). This knowledge is out of reach, so we hope of a simple world an ordered world a world where humans are just good. Where there is no conflict between any phenomena. Where all humans and animals are constantly and uniformly happy and content....and thus we have utopianism...   Religion:  The human affinity for religion is parrallel to that of utopianism. For religion, the desire is for order in a disodered world. justice in an unjust one. A master plan in an actually random&aimless universe&predictablity in an unpredictable one.p.s: if you are religous or a utopianist and are offended by seeing the cold harsh truth.... join the club.====================================================* throughout history jealousy has always been the the primary motive for murder
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88416
If everyone has the same idea, it is possible that this idea is true.

QUESTION ID: NA6B83J6GF7MAKK
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 25228
The sky is blue because molecules in the air scatter short-wavelength light in preference to longer wavelengths.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11363
The best answer that I heard is that, the sky is blue, due to the reflection of the oceans color, that reflect off of the Ozone Layer, remember the vast majority of earth is water !
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25229
Why is grass green?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76522
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground.  If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76523
STOP IT!!!16th today

QUESTION ID: NAB28RFUKV8Q5IQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: why are pyramids built triangle in shape?why not square?or any other shapes?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10748
Pyramids are among the largest man-made constructions.[edit]Ancient monumentsThe oldest pyramid is that of Hellinikon in Greece, dating from 2,720 BC. There are more than 16 pyramids spread all over Greece. (See Hellenic Pyramids.) The ancient pyramids of EgyptPyramid-shaped structures were built by many ancient civilizations. The most famous are the Egyptian pyramids ??? huge pyramids built of brick or stone. Standard Archaeology claims that they were used as tombs for pharaohs, however their many surprising features have birthed many alternative theories, particularly since the great pyramids have never yielded a body. The Great Pyramid of Giza is the largest in Egypt and fattest in the world. It is one of the Seven Wonders of the World, and the only one of the seven to survive into modern times. The ancient Egyptians capped the peaks of their pyramids with gold and covered their faces with polished white limestone, though many of the stones used for the purpose have fallen or been removed for other structures over the millennia.To the south of Egypt the Nubians also built pyramids. They built far more than the Egyptians, but they are much smaller. The Nubian pyramids were constructed at a much steeper angle than Egyptian ones and were not tombs, but monuments to dead kings. Pyramids were built in Nubia up until the AD 300s.The Mesopotamians also built step pyramids, or ziggurats. In ancient times these were brightly painted. Since they were constructed of mud-brick, little remains of them. The biblical Tower of Babel is believed to be a Babylonian ziggurat.A number of Mesoamerican cultures also built pyramid-shaped structures. Mesoamerican pyramids were also usually stepped, with temples on top, more similar to the Mesopotamian ziggurat than the Egyptian pyramid. The largest pyramid by volume is the Great Pyramid of Cholula, in the Mexican state of Puebla. This pyramid is also considered the largest monument ever constructed anywhere in the world, but it is still being excavated. There is an unusual pyramid with a circular plan at the site of Cuilcuilco, now inside Mexico City and mostly covered with lava from an ancient eruption of Xictli.Pyramid in Mexico is considered as a sacrificial place (used to kill slaves, in worship of their powerful gods).There are other pyramid-shaped ancient monuments found in parts of Georgia. Pyramid of CestiusThere is a pyramid in ancient Rome. The 27-meter-high Pyramid of Cestius was built by the end of the first century BC and still exists today, close to the Porta San Paolo.There are quite a few flat-top pyramids in China. The First Emperor of Qin (221 B.C.~), with the terracotta warriors in vicinity, was buried under a large pyramid outside modern day Xi an. In the following centuries a dozen more Chinese royalties of Han Dynasty were also buried under flat top pyramidal earth works.In October 2005, pseudohistorian Semir Osmanagi?? claimed that a hill near the Bosnian town of Visoko conceals a 722 foot high pyramid,[1], a step pyramid with sides facing the four cardinal directions, and a flattened top. Excavations in 2006 are so far said to have produced a stone gateway, and gigantic stone cubes thought to be part of the face of the pyramid, which is known locally as the Sun Pyramid. It is one of three in the area, thought to be connected by tunnel; the other two having recently been located by satellite scan.[edit]Modern pyramidsAn example of a modern pyramid can be found in Paris, France, in front of the Louvre Museum. The Louvre Pyramid is a 20.6 meter (about 70 feet) glass structure which acts as an entrance to the museum. It was designed by the American architect I. M. Pei and completed in 1989.The 32-story Pyramid Arena in Memphis, Tennessee (built in 1991) was the home court for the University of Memphis men s basketball program, and the National Basketball Association s Memphis Grizzlies until 2004.The Walter Pyramid, home of the basketball and volleyball teams of the California State University, Long Beach, campus in California, United States, is an 18-story-tall blue pyramid.The Luxor Hotel in Las Vegas, United States, is a 30-story pyramid.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28964
Whilst the upright sides are triangular, the base of the pyramids are actually SQUARE.. see an atlas of monuments.. it faces the 4 basic directions: north, south, west, and east.. and each side is not a flat triangle side.. the triangle is divided into to opposing perpendicular triangles so at certain days on sunrise you just see half of the triangle... not all of it.. and this becomes a mark of an event for ancient Egyptians.. (probably unknown) and also the pyramid is full of what is called catchers.. and walk through exits to outside.. but can never be inhabited by a human.. and its purpose is unknown till now..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49023
that s because the square ones are called ,,cubes and the rectangular ones,-,,parallelipipeds !
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49024
well if the sides were all squares, the pyramids would be cubes, much less interesting to look at.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49025
it propably had some sort of spirtual meaning

QUESTION ID: NBNVMMQI5UDHJSE
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does Jupiter have such a thick atmosphere?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2524
When we look at Jupiter we see the brown, yellow, and orange cloud-tops of an enormously thick atmosphere because Jupiter spins very quickly, these clouds are drawn out into dark and light bands. The spinning planet causes the cloud bands to swirl and to form raging whirlpools. The most fantastic of Jupiter s storms, the Great Red Spot, is a centuries-old cyclone big enough to swallow Earth.If you can imagine a star that has been frozen, you ll have some idea of what Jupiter is like inside. It s made mostly of hydrogen ??? the lightest of all elements. It also contains some helium, and a dash of other chemicals such as ammonia, methane, and ice. In the cloud-tops of Jupiter, the hydrogen takes the form of a gas. It s mixed with some rarer substances that give Jupiter s belts and spots their beautiful fall colors. Deeper down, layers of ammonia crystals, ice crystals, and water droplets appear. Hundreds of miles down, the gassy atmosphere of Jupiter changes to a liquid. This vast sea of liquid hydrogen is lit only by the glow of giant lightning bolts.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14967
It is believed that the sun an d the planets formed out of a nebula. So, they started as pieces of ice and gas. Jupiter was supposed to become a star, but it didn??t accumulate enough mass to start nuclear fusion. So it remained like a giant planet, with lots of gas, a metallic and rocky nucleus, and maybe a liquid internal surface under an enormous atmospheric pressure.

QUESTION ID: NE5UTGZ7UHM6JWB
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do two objects of significant wieght diffirence fall at the same rate?
QUESTION CONTENT: I want to understand the law of relativivty
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71995
Consider two objects one 5kg and another 10 kg.Place 5kg in one pan of a balance and the 10kg  in the other pan.The pan having 10 kg mass comes down and the one having 5kg goes up.This shows that the earth pulls the 10kg mass with a great force; the actual force is 100 newton. The 5 kg mass is pulled by 50 newton.Thus we understand that earth pulls small mass with small force and heavy mass with heavy force.If a single force is applied on an object, it will move with acceleration. Acceleration means the speed of the object changes; it is not mere change of speed; the speed is continuously changing as long as the force acts.Returning to the Earth???s pull, the force of pull by the earth is always 10 newton per kg mass of the object. Thus the 5 kg mass is pulled by 50 newton whereas 10kg mass is pulled by 100 newton. If nothing prevents them from falling, both will fall toward the earth with some acceleration.The acceleration is found by dividing the force by mass. Therefore the acceleration of 5 kg mass is 50/ 5 = 10 m/s^2. Similarly the acceleration of 10 kg mass is 100/ 10 = 10 m/s^2.There fore, both have the same acceleration; that is both change their speed by an amount 10m/s every second. Thus even though the masses are different both take the same time to travel the same distance.In the presence of air, air opposes the motion and hence the actual force acting on the objects will be reduced.  The opposing force is not the same for all objects it depends upon the surface area of the object and shape of the object.Hence in practice we see the difference in the rate of change of speed of bodies. A feather takes more time than a stone.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81349
Even though the two objects have different masses, gravity pulls each down to the ground at the same rate.In the above example of a feather and a bowling ball, the feather has a small mass and a large surface area; air resistance is able to oppose the force of gravity and slow the feather down.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81350
They don t, and there are many more factors involved than the law of relativity. If two objects of identical weight but different shapes (for example, think of platter shape, or a delta wing shape, and a round ball) are dropped at the same time, they will fall at different rates as the aerodynamics on the platter shaped or delta wing object will impede its descent. If two objects of the same shape, but different weights, that is, different densities, are dropped, they will not fall at the same rate. Things get complicated, don t they?

QUESTION ID: NFJHCGEV6IQ485B
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is atherosclerosis related to heart attacks and strokes?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 16
Atherosclerosis is the hardening and narrowing of the arteries. It is caused by the slow buildup of plaque on the inside of walls of the arteries. Arteries are blood vessels that carry oxygen-rich blood from the heart to other parts of the body.Plaque is made up of fat, cholesterol, calcium, and other substances found in the blood. As it grows, the buildup of plaque narrows the inside of the artery and, in time, may restrict blood flow. There are two types of plaque: Hard and stable Soft and unstable Hard plaque causes artery walls to thicken and harden. Soft plaque is more likely to break apart from the walls and enter the bloodstream. This can cause a blood clot that can partially or totally block the flow of blood in the artery. When this happens, the organ supplied by the blocked artery starves for blood and oxygen. The organ s cells may either die or suffer severe damage
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17
Atherosclerosis is  a hardening of the arteries.  Gradually over time, the arteries in the heart and brain (which carries oxygen to these organs) harden and become narrowed with plaque.  As the narrowing progresses, less and less oxygen rich blood can get to the heart and brain, increasing your risk for heart attack or stroke.

QUESTION ID: NFVXKET3ZD4FIVX
QUESTION SUBJECT: Surgery, Chemotherapy, Radiation, Herceptin ... then hormonal treatment. How much more will my body tolerate?
QUESTION CONTENT: My doctors gathered in a Multi-Morgality meeting to decidemy treatments. I have gone along with what their decisionsconcluded. Now, on Herceptin, every 3 weeks ... surgery, Chemo and radiation completed, I find the worse side effectsnot giving me the quality of life I want. I suffered through all ofthe above, had many different effects from all ... but now onlyon Herceptin, I find these effects more difficult. My MUGA scanshowed a high 73, and I felt ok with entering this treatment. Now I am experiencing loss of balance, severe headaches, ringing in ears and the old favorite of severe fatigue. Before mycancer I was a healthy person, openly went into this horribledisease with good attitude, suffered much, but stayed diligent.Now I want to quit the Herceptin as I feel my body becomingfrail, my lifestyle dramatically changed, and the quality of MEnot recognizable. Need feedback. I am a stage 3, HER2 POS., breast removed, P.E.T.scan showing no other traces. ???
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86355
You should discuss the decisions you make with your doctors. It is your body and your choice but you need to understand that should you abandon traditional treatment there may be no going back to recapture that time. You cannot just try out alternative treatment and than change your mind if things start deteriorating, because that window of opportunity disappears very quickly. So, it will be one or the other. And, who knows . . maybe if you stop it will have been enough treatment to put you into remission already.We stopped all treatment for my sons cancer and it returned two months later or actually reappeared so that we could finally see it (it wasn t really gone, it had been too small to locate).The key is to stay one step ahead of the cancer. Know it. Know what it might do and treat it when you can. If the PET scan is showing no trace . . well, diagnostics don t always show the cancer. My son also had a PET scan before stopping treatment . . and within 2 months it showed up again.  Just be aware that this could happen. Monitor your disease closely and understand that you are taking a risk with yourlife. But, if you are unhappy and your quality of life is not there . . you need to do something about that too.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86356
Are you on a second round of chemo?Or I guess the herceptin is for the HER pos? Do you have to do that herceptin forever? I did A/C first (adriamycin and cytoxan). I did not have to do radiation because I had a complete mastectomy of one breast.But I was stage 2, estrogen pos, HER was neg...It is certainly like going to a country (sickness) that you didn t want to go to...I am not doing the anti-estrogen pills that they wanted me to do (chemo and anti-estrogen pills only save one or two more people out of 100 than out of 100 who don t take it...but I did do the chemo...Here is a link on herceptinhttp://www.gene.com/gene/products/information/oncology/herceptin/index.jspAs for essiac tea, it tastes nasty (I knew a woman who drank it every day with ovarian cancer and she still died)....It was said that the woman who invented it had cancer and healed herself . She was named Rene Caisse....http://www.cancer.org/docroot/ETO/content/ETO_5_3X_Essiac_Tea.asp?sitearea=ETOAs for macrobiotic diet, that actor from the TV show The A Team had prostate cancer at a young age and had surgery and did macrobiotics and is fine today..it might help and probably couldn t hurt if you can stomach it on chemo and if you can get enough nutrients to keep your strentgh up. It is hard to do diet changes when your life is on the line tho...Here is a link about Dirk Benedict and his fight with prostate cancer.... http://www.legendarytv.com/the_a-team/the_a-team_dirk_benedict.aspDuring chemo, 1.I kept immodium handy (for the diarrhea from chemo).  2. Stay ahead of the nausea with the anti-nausea pills . Once the nausea takes hold, you don t even want any pills.3. I liked to drink bottled water and eat saltine crackers.4. I ate a lot of high protein bland foods to keep my blood counts up (and a multivitamin at times). Cold hard boiled eggs are good and Arbys or Rax plain roast beef sandwiches work well also.5. You probably already know that you can get a wig covered by insurance by having the doctor write a prescription for a hair prosthesis ...if you lose hair due to chemo.6. The value of prayer cannot be discounted.I will say a prayer for you. You can email me on the anonymous email at YA if you want.

QUESTION ID: NGKZQ813ADDXEY6
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why Big Bang Theory differs from The Quran and Originally Holy Books ?
QUESTION CONTENT: Holy Books- Torah, Biblesbonikingv
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9221
The answer is that the Big Bang theory was created by scientists to explain real phenomena that have been observed in scientific measurements (such as interstellar background radiation), while religious books were written by non-scientists who were simply making up stories about what they thought the beginning of the world was like.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14470
Science is advancing all the time. We will know in the future things that are still enigmatic to us now. What can some religions do forus except to tell us that we should follow it blindly and without question ? I know god didn t make me because if he did, why the heck didn t he make me equal with others ? Why couldn t he make me a superstar celebrity ? why wasn t I born into a filthy rich family ? Why couldn t he make me a millionaire? Why is there rich and poor and sick and healthy ? If I am god s creation, what an unfair creation this is, I would have said no in the first place.This is why I am a staunch believer in facts and Science. I also love the Buddhist concept of Kahmer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45354
The Big Bang Theory is science in action whereas the Bible and other holy books were written by primitive men back in the bronze/iron age to explain what they could not understand.Probably the most bizarre phenomena of our age is that there are still people who are blinkered enough to actually believe in the mumbo jumbo which is called religion.Take the bible. The universe was created in about a week some 6,000 years ago. I think not!You only need to look at evolutionary science to see that religion is just rhubarb. If you go back far enough you will find that humans are related to all other living creatures on the planet. We all came from the same place. Therefore, when did we gain souls (which religious people claim that all humans possess). Was there really a point in our evolution when human beings developed souls? If not then according to religious people all animals (including bacteria) must have souls and therefore must go to heaven!Pure rhubarb!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45355
Once again no one knows what they are talking about.While the TERM Big Bang came from scientist Fred Hoyle it was meant to be a put down, a joke.The Big Bang theory is properly called the Theory of the Primordial Atom and it was proposed by a Catholic Priest who held degrees in Phsyics and Astronomy.It was held in low esteem because it sounded too much like Genesis.The unfortunate thing was the Priest postulated some thing would occur and they did!Hubble discovered stars and galaxies were moving away from us.Bell Labs found the Cosmic or Gamma ray signature all around us in space at 3.6 degrees Kelvin, which is, basically, the event horizon of the expanding universe.Two other scientists, independently, came up with the same math of motions.At the time the Priest was lecurting his white paper on the Primordial Atom science believed the universe was stagnet, in a steady state of existance.Einstein, in fact, came across the math that proved the universe was expanding and changed that math because he and others were under the impression the Universe was not in expansion but in steady state.Einstein said that was the biggest mistake he ever made.The funny thing is Sciencesays the Universe is 14 billion years old and the Earth and Sun are about 4.5 billion.That s about 2/3 the way from the big bangThe Old Testiment in Gensis says the Earth and Sun came into being on the 4th dayThat s 2/3 the way from let there be light.Funny how the Bible got that ratio correct 3,000+ years ago!The Bible also says man came about in the last moments of the 6th day.Science also agrees with that.Dr. CArl Sagan s cosmic calendar says that the Universe began on the first second of day one of the first comsmic month and Man came about on the first second of the first minute of the first hour of the 30th or last cosmic day of the first month and we are still in that same hour right now.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45356
Man kind started knowing only what they could see, and wanted explanations from leaders who knew not much,if any more.But some wiser than the rest noticed that in the hot lands contact with some dogs could cause death(this was hydrophobia)so to save the spread of this nasty death they said, Lo!dogs are unclean ,and the people believed and were saved from the death.Then wise men noticing disease in the eaters of pigs said likewise, pigs are unclean and again the people were saved from tape worm.Thus grew the power of priests.In differnt parts of the world different laws grew up.     BUT in all parts of the world the people saw sun,moon ,stars and planets and people asked How did this come to be? but the wise men in all lands made answers shaped by their earlier lore and nearly always involved a god(sometimes many gods)and lo! the priests said our god who upholds our authority has done all this.               And the people marvelled at the wisdom of priests and have fought all the people who claimed other gods so that all the earth runs with the blood called forth by priests(not gods)               So the answer to your question,which I think comes from deep causes,Is that the big bang which seems to be the front runner in describing the formation of our universe is to do with what men have seen and reasoned without seeking any gods favours:many of whom have suffered and died because priests said ,and still say,IT IS WRITTEN         If a  god made us with brains to enquire with all our abilities it is surely a disrespect to the god if we neglect to study his universe with its wonders and mysteries
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45357
Like wat every1 else said, the big bang theory was thought up by scientists to explain everything they saw, though if u believe in stuff like string theory, the big bang isnt a beginning anymore but rather something that happens often. Holy books were written by a bunch of people who had little understanding of nature, but since its just a book, it can be interpreted anyway you want, so 6000 years ago might be something like galactic revolutions or or each year in that 6000 might actually be somewhere around 2.5 million years, or god might be something like the fundamental forces, and all the light and angels are the spectacular display of space dust, novas, and nebulas, adam and eve(u no they ate the apple that makes people smart so god banished them because they would no longer be happy slaves) could be personifications of evolution(sex?). Since its a book that can be interperted anyway possible, i dont think it really matters, unlike theorys that must stand lots of criticism that could knock it down or make it a law. I find Hindu mythology closest to reality but since im human, i could be mistaken. It cant really be interpreted any other way unless u add more math but then that might mess things up. Just remember, we ate the forbidden fruit of knowledge, which means we are SMART now, so we can DO WHATEVER IN THE UNIVERSE WE WANT so long as it is in our power, and interpreting the bible anyway we want is certainly within our power. Remember in Inherit the Wind?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55859
Because holy books were written to try to explain the universe before we knew anything about it.  Now that we do, we know the old myths were wrong - because someone just made them up.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71179
Because the Big Bang Theory was based on scientificially based evidence and used techniques such as inference and peer review in order to conform to the scientific method and obtain the best possible answer given the known data. The Holy Books beginning stories are a mixture of assumptions, shallow logic and glorified fabrication.

QUESTION ID: NGOCOL85D4J4LU2
QUESTION SUBJECT: what is cancer, How do you explain it?
QUESTION CONTENT: Is it something of owr own cells or external?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82440
you might enjoy looking up how cancer works at the following site http://www.howstuffworks.com
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82441
Cancer develops when cells in a part of the body begin to grow out of control. Although there are many kinds of cancer, they all start because of out-of-control growth of abnormal cells. Normal body cells grow, divide, and die in an orderly fashion. During the early years of a person s life, normal cells divide more rapidly until the person becomes an adult. After that, cells in most parts of the body divide only to replace worn-out or dying cells and to repair injuries. Because cancer cells continue to grow and divide, they are different from normal cells. Instead of dying, they outlive normal cells and continue to form new abnormal cells. Cancer cells develop because of damage to DNA. This substance is inevery cell and directs all activities. Most of the time when DNA becomes damaged the body is able to repair it. In cancer cells, the damaged DNA is not repaired. People can inherit damaged DNA, which accounts for inherited cancers. More often, though, a person s DNA becomes damaged by exposure to something in the environment, like smoking. Cancer usually forms as a tumor. Some cancers, like leukemia, do not form tumors. Instead, these cancer cells involve the blood and blood-forming organs and circulate through other tissues where they grow. Often, cancer cells travel to other parts of the body where they begin to grow and replace normal tissue. This process is called metastasis. Regardless of where a cancer may spread, however, it is always named for the place it began. For instance, breast cancer that spreads to the liver is still called breast cancer, not liver cancer. Not all tumors are cancerous. Benign (noncancerous) tumors do not spread (metastasize) to other parts of the body and, with very rare exceptions, are not life threatening. Different types of cancer can behave very differently. For example, lung cancer and breast cancer are very different diseases. They grow at different rates and respond to different treatments. That is why people with cancer need treatment that is aimed at their particular kind of cancer. Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States. Half of all men and one third of all women in the United States will develop cancer during their lifetimes. Today, millions of people are living with cancer or have had cancer. The risk of developing most types of cancer can be reduced by changes in a person s lifestyle, for example, by quitting smoking and eating a better diet. The sooner a cancer is found and treatment begins, the better are the chances for living for many years.

QUESTION ID: NGRPV0ZEIJ7TLSP
QUESTION SUBJECT: how much quantity of water (in Kilo Litre) will be there in the Earth?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 11041
I don t know.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22451
The total water supply of the world is 326 million cubic miles (a cubic mile is an imaginary cube (a square box) measuring one mile on each side). A cubic mile of water equals more than one trillion gallons.  About 3,100 cubic miles of water, mostly in the form of water vapor, is in the atmosphere at any one time. If it all fell as precipitation at once, the Earth would be covered with only about 1 inch of water. The 48 contiguous United States receives a total volume of about 4 cubic miles of precipitation each day. Each day, 280 cubic miles of water evaporate or transpire into the atmosphere. If all of the world s water was poured on the United States, it would cover the land to a depth of 90 miles. Of the freshwater on Earth, much more is stored in the ground than is available in lakes and rivers. More than 2,000,000 cubic miles of fresh water is stored in the Earth, most within one-half mile of the surface. Contrast that with the 60,000 cubic miles of water stored as fresh water in lakes, inland seas, and rivers. But, if you really want to find fresh water, the most is stored in the 7,000,000 cubic miles of water found in glaciers and icecaps, mainly in the polar regions and in Greenland.

QUESTION ID: NGTD0TJTLMCEJT1
QUESTION SUBJECT: Mom, 78, has advanced ovarian cancer and just wants to have pain relief. How can we prepare?
QUESTION CONTENT: She doesn t want to talk about it, but her family needs to know what she will be going through so we can be emotionally prepared. She seems to have little to no pain; has had a high colostomy to relieve strangulation of her intestine by the spreading tumor. Her main symptoms are a distended abdomen and she is very weak.All the cancer sites online tell about treatments for fighting the disease, but none of them tell us about end of life issues when chemo and radiation are declined by the patient.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 758
Her doctor or the hospital should have resources that include hospice care, hopefully.  And it is helpful if you develop a good working relationship with her doctor, and speak with him/her about how you will actually manage her care and pain control as the disease progresses.  If you can arrange for hospice care, the hospice will have people available to help you and your family, as well as your mother, prepare for the paticular challenges you will face.  Since she has opted not to have chemo or radiation, future treatment will be strictly for symptom control and her comfort.  In hospice, there are no treatments aimed to extend life, only to provide for comfort and dignity for the person.  The staff includesnursing personnel with experience in supporting the patient and family, spiritual advisors, and counsellors who can work with you all as you go through the difficult process.  The final progress of the disease varies for many women.  Usually there are respiratory problems, and her kidneys may fail.   She will get progressively weaker, and it s not unusual for them to stop eating, or not eat much at all beyond a few bites.  She will tend to sleep more and more, and of course pain medications will tend to make her sleep more as well.   She will likely reach an accomodation with her end before the rest of you are able, and I would not be surprised if she tries to help you all reach acceptance before the end comes.  The patients usually do try to say their goodbyes and reassure those who will go on living.  I m sorry this is what you must face in the near future.  The dying itself is usually the easy part, it s the surviving that proves the challenge.  If you and your family, and your mother are religious people, it does help a great deal to have your spiritual advisor for support and assistance.  If hospice care is not available, then the people at the hospital should have resources available to help you when the time comes.  You can also look for grief counsellors, for the family at least.  Cancer treatment centers also are good sources for aid and assistance, and have support groups and people that can answer many of your questions.  I hope for you all, your mother and your family, that you find a sense of peace and help to cope with what is to come.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53635
Sounds like your Mom just wants to be kept comfortable.I wish my husband would have handled his cancer that way.He was sliced and diced and suffered lots and lots.The family will need to give her lots of support thru this most difficult of times.The family will also need lots of support thru this.Contact your local Hospice and ask for support with this.They are wonderful and not all about treatment.  I wish your family an easy transition!

QUESTION ID: NHIQHCN24ZGCD08
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why were the american natives Killed?
QUESTION CONTENT: Who killed them and when did that happened? Actually how many native americans live in US and which state has the more number of them?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73025
According to the United States Census Bureau, there is about 2,786,652 Native Americans in the United States.  Out of which approximately 413,382 live in California, which has the highest number of Native Americans living in the United States.With regards to the history of the Native Americans in the United States, their deaths were caused by a number of factors.  Ranging from displacement, disease, and in many cases by warfare with European groups and enslavement by them.When the Europeans first came to America in 1492 via Columbus first voyage, the first group they encountered were the Arawaks of Haiti which numbered around 250,000 at the time.  As a result of their encounter, they were enslaved.  By 1550, only 500 werre left.  By 1650, they were said to be extinct.  This is just to give you an example of the European affect.  The Native American s numbers dwindle greatly in between the 15th and 19th centuries.  Only in the 20th century were laws passed to protect them.Amongst the diseases the Europeans brought to America: bubonic plague, cholera, typhoid fever, scarlet fever, pleurisy, mumps, diphtheria,pneumonia, whooping cough, malaria, yellow fever, and various sexually transmitted infections.  These were diseases that were never encountered by the Natives and they had no immunity to them.  Although these diseases were rarely fatal amongst the Europeans, they were almost always fatal among the Natives.  This also contributed to their dwendling numbers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12600
well, not all of them are dead, but I think the number dropped from 21 million or so when america was being colonized to about 3 or 4 million now, probably even less full blooded ones.  As to why they were killed, well money of course, the root of all evil. Its hard to own a country when people have a prior claim to it.  I would think the midwest has the most, but there are some coast to coast.

QUESTION ID: NHZL2OVR4NYQAU8
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are there so many types of cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 333
A good question - a counter question from me. Why the human body has so many organs and parts of body. So each organ or part of the body is affected by cancer it is called in different names and there are different medicines and treatments. Any way Cancer on the whole,  is a class of diseases or disorders characterized by uncontrolled division of cells and the ability of these cells to invade other tissues, either by direct growth into adjacent tissue through invasion or by implantation into distant sites by metastasis. Metastasis is defined as the stage in which cancer cells are transported through the bloodstream or lymphatic system. Cancer may affect people at all ages, but risk tends to increase with age, due to the fact that DNA damage becomes more apparent in aging DNA. It is one of the principal causes of death in developed countries.There are many types of cancer. Severity of symptoms depends on the site and character of the malignancy and whether there is metastasis. A definitive diagnosis usually requires the histologic examination of tissue by a pathologist. This tissue is obtained by biopsy or surgery. Most cancers can be treated and some cured, depending on the specific type, location, and stage. Once diagnosed, cancer is usually treated with a combination of surgery, chemotherapy and radiotherapy. As research develops, treatments are becoming more specific for the type of cancer pathology. Drugs that target specific cancers already exist for several cancers. If untreated, cancers may eventually cause illness and death, though this is not always the case.The unregulated growth that characterizes cancer is caused by damage to DNA, resulting in mutations to genes that encode for proteins controlling cell division. Many mutation events may be required to transform a normal cell into a malignant cell. These mutations can be caused by chemicals or physical agents called carcinogens, by close exposure to radioactive materials, or by certain viruses that can insert their DNA into the human genome. Mutations occur spontaneously, and may be passed down from one generation to the next as a result of mutations within germ lines.Many forms of cancer are associated with exposure to environmental factors such as tobacco smoke, radiation, alcohol and certain viruses. While some of these risk factors can be avoided or reduced, there is no known way to entirely avoid the disease.A cancer may be suspected for a variety of reasons, but the definitive diagnosis of most malignancies mustbe confirmed by histological examination of the cancerous cells by a pathologist. Tissue can be obtained from a biopsy or surgery. Many biopsies (such as those of the skin, breast or liver) can be done Cancer can be treated by surgery, chemotherapy, radiation therapy, immunotherapy, monoclonal antibody therapy or other methods. The choice of therapy depends upon the location and grade of the tumor and the stage of the disease, as well as the general state of the patient. FINALLY, CANCER IS STILL AN ENIGMA AND WE HAVE TO FIGHT IT.  BEST OF LUCK
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35225
 Cancer is a generic term for all diseases that result from sudden, uncontrollable, unregulated multiplication of cells (causing the formation of tumors).  So the location this begins defines the nature of each different type of cancer.Think about it, there are over 200 different kinds of broken bones, too, what they share in common is that they are bones that have broken!

QUESTION ID: NI48STQQOH6X1KP
QUESTION SUBJECT: How in the world do I attach SPD clipless pedals to my cleats?
QUESTION CONTENT: I need help attaching my cleats to my shoes. Does anyone know where I can find pictures or step by step instructions on how to do this? The instructions given the shoes, pedals and cleats make no sense. Please Helpits just that the cleats don t line up and no matter how much tightening i do they don t want to stay in place.ok, i ve just figured out its not me, the shoes are complete s*it, the threads in the shoes will not hold the cleat in. Now how the hell am i gonna get my money back?! Do Not Buy Exustar Products they suck!ok, i figured it out, the spd cleats that came with the pedals could only work with those shoes if the cleat washer was not used. Neither the pedal instructions nor the shoe instruction said i could do. However, I have just came back from a bike ride and they are working just fine. thanks for your help everyone.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2789
Make sure the cleat is aligned over the ball of the foot.Put the screws in and snug them up and then tighten if still lined up correctly.No big deal really
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2790
I am not sure of the step by step instructions, but here is an overview.You will have 2 cleats, 4 bolts, two plates with 4 holes that have threads in them and 2 shoes.  You need a 4mm allen hex wrench.You will have oval slots in the bottom of your shoes.   If you do not see the oval slots through the soles, there is a patch of rubber to remove - about where the ball of your foot is on the inside.  If the slots are covered remove the rubber insert.  Remove the inner sole from the shoe.Place one of the threaded plates inside the shoe -- smooth end to your foot.  Hold it in place.Turn the shoe over and place the cleat pointed end forward -- towards the toe-- and hand thread the bolts through the cleat into the threaded plate  forward holes.  (most plates have 4 holes)Next before tightening the cleat, slide the cleat towards the heal of your shoe until it stops.Tighten the bolts with a 4 mm hex wrench.  As tight as you can.Replace the inner sole.Repeat on second shoe.That location works for a lot of people, but you can loosen the bolts slightly and reposition the cleat front and back for your personal comfort.

QUESTION ID: NIQVQPQE10ICO25
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you find the mass number of an element?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72933
Take a look at any good Periodic Table of the Elements.  Here s a good one:http://www.webelements.com/The number given under atomic weight. is given in standard atomic mass units (defined by taking the mass of a carbon-12 atom, and dividing it by 12).  For all practical purposes, we can assume that it is the mass of a proton/neutron (which again, for all practical purposes, we can assume have the same mass; we neglect the mass of electrons because the mass of an electron is about 1/3000 that of a proton or neutron).  For example, the atomic mass of hydrogen is 1.  This is because hydrogen consists of 1 proton orbited by 1 electron.  However, on the perodic table, you will notice that the number is actually 1.00794.  This is bcause this number is the average of all isotopes.  An isotope is an element that has a different number of neutrons.  For example, a hydrogen atom with one proton and neutron in the nucleus, and an electron orbiting it is still hydrogen, but is known as deuterium (It is still defined as hydrogen by the number of protons in the nucleus), but has an atomic mass of 2. The other isotope of hydrogen (Tritium) has 2 neutrons in the nucleus and an electron orbiting it (an atomic mass of 3). Because these isotopes are so rare, the average mass of all existing hydrogen is close to 1, but is slightly higher.You can find mass in Kg by dividing the atomic mass by avogadro s number (6.02 X 10^23).  There are 6.02X10^23 atomic mass units in 1Kg.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21644
If you would like an online calculator to help you, you could try: http://environmentalchemistry.com/yogi/reference/molar.html

QUESTION ID: NIXGV2BMRBCA2IN
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I fnd a recipe for Essiac tea?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12086
http://www.recipezaar.com/31247http://www.snowcrest.net/soza/health/myessiac.htmthere you go
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86359
Probably easier if you buy it ready-mixed.But I found this on the web (you could have found it too):Supplies Needed4 or 5 gallon stainless steel pot2 gallon stainless steel pot, with lidStainless steel fine-mesh double strainerStainless steel funnelStainless steel spatula12 or more 16 ounce amber glass bottles with air tight caps (not childproof caps)2 gallons of sodium-free distilled waterEssiac Formula(453 g - 53%) 6 ?? cups (680g) Burdock Root - finely cut ( Arctium Lappa ) (453 g - 53%) 16 oz. Wild Sheep Sorrel Herb- powdered ( Rumex Acetosella ) (113 g - 36%) 1 oz. Turkey (Turkish) Rhubarb Root - powdered ( Rheum Palmatum ) (28.4 g - 9%) 4 oz. Slippery Elm Bark - powdered Preparation1. Mix Essiac formula thoroughly.2. Bring sodium-free distilled water to a rolling boil in a 5-gallon pot with lid on. (Approximately 30 minutes at sea level.)3. Stir in 1 cup of Essiac formula; then replace lid and continue boiling for 10 minutes.4. Turn off stove. Scrape down sides of pot with spatula and stir mixture thoroughly; then replace lid.5. Allow pot to remain closed for 12 hours; then turn stove to full heat for 20 minutes.6. Turn off stove. Strain liquid into 3-gallon pot, and clean 5-gallon pot and strainer. Then re-strain the filtered liquid back into 5-gallon pot.7. Use funnel to pour hot liquid into bottles immediately, taking care to tighten caps. Allow bottles to cool; then tighten the caps again.8. Refrigerate. Essiac contains no preservative agents. If mould should develop in the bottle, discard immediately.Directions for useHeat four tablespoons sodium-free distilled water in a stainless steel pot. Add 4 tablespoons of Essiac (shake bottle first).  Mix and drink.  Take at bedtime on an empty stomach, at least 2 hours after eating.

QUESTION ID: NIYV1BHHC036NIG
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is it easier to push or pull an object up an incline rather than lift it vertically?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78798
PSEUDO WORK DONEThis is because of the pseudo work done by the inclined surface or plane.Explanation:- Let theta be the angle of inclination of the inclined smooth plane and h be its height.Think off an object(body) of weight W=mg is sliding down on the plane. The another force that is acting on the body is force offered by the plane against the weight of the body, let this be R, this force is acting perpendicularly to the inclined plane.Further due to the interaction of forces W&R there exists a resultant force by which the body is sliding down,let it be P,this force is acting along the line of inclination.Now in view of lami`s theorem we have, P=W sin(theta)= mg sin(theta);whence theta is the angle of inclination and 0<or equal to theta<or equal to pi/2.Hence it can be noticed here that sin(theta)is<or equal to 1.Therefore P<W ie. mg ( weight of the body).This clearly implies that force less than the weight of the body is enough to slide up to the height h through the inclined plane.For instance when Theta=0 inclined plane will be horizontal,consequently P=0.And when theta = pi/2 ; P will be = mg, this implies that the body falls freely.As a typical example let theta= pi/6.01...,P is<1/2 mg.Therefore the force -P=-1/2 mg orP=1/2 mg is enough to slide the body to the height h.Accordingly work done by the force while lifting the body to h through inclined plane = 1/2 mgh Moreover, as h is the height of the inclined plane,Potential Energy (gravitation potential)at h is = mgh,which is also equal to the work done while lifting the body to the height h, by any path.ie. P.E=mgh. (P.E stands for potential energy).Here true work done is =mgh; work done by P = 1/2 mgh ie. mgh-1/2mgh=1/2 mgh,This shows that there is a shortage of 1/2 mgh of P.E, when work is done through inclined plane.How to account for this shortage. Actually, there is no bargain in the laws of nature.To account for the above shortage please once again consider lami`s theorem.ie. R=W cos(theta)= mg cos(theta);where R is the force exerted by the plane on the body, perpendicular to the inclined plane.When theta is pi/6.01, R=1/2 mgh (nearly)Therefore pseudo work done by the plane = 1/2mg (nearly)ie. work done by p + work done by R = True work done     1/2mg + 1/2mgh = mghNote-plane is considered as frictionless.I think this is enough to understand the phenomenon.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27062
Because it s less heavy.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27063
The same reason it s easier for us to climb stairs as opposed to just pulling ourselves up to the next level with our arms - gravity.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27064
Yes, beacuse the incline/ramp is supporting part of the weight of the object, therefore you are only lifting part of the weight when pushing it up an incline, whereas you are lifting the entire weight of the object when lifting it vertically.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27065
The inclined plane is one of the three simple machines. It works on the same principle of spreading the work out.  so instead of lifing it you are lifting the object in increments, instead of all at once, over a period of time.  You are doing the same ammount of work as lifting the object, just doing it over a longer period of time.

QUESTION ID: NKF7DT0BKM8IMR0
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is ldl cholesterol bad for your health?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87879
LDL is a low density lipoprotein. Lipoproteins are what carry lipids and cholesterol around our body. An LDL starts life as a Very Low Density Lipoprotein (VLDL), loaded with fats in the form of trigycerides and cholesterol. As it gives out the tryglycerides to cells for storage or energy, it eventually becomes an LDL containing mainly cholesterol. Now, every cell in our body needs cholesterol, that is why the liver produces it, so when a cell needs cholesterol it puts out a receptor so the LDL can dock into the cell. The LDL is then, in effect, swallowed up by the cell, dismantled and the cholesterol becomes available for use.If all the cells in the body have enough cholesterol then they will not have the receptor, so the LDL cannot be utilised.An LDL is no more sticky than any other lipoprtein, regardless of the garbage that others want to spew forth.They can though be found in the inflammation surrounding an injury. They don t cause the injury (unless they are oxidised) just are part of the body s response. When something damages the lining of the artery, inflammation occurs and LDLs will be there in the body s attempt to utilise the cholesterol as part of the repair process.Some of the people who suffer a heart attack willhave elevated levels of LDL. Whatever causes this, is most likely what causes the heart attackNothing simply adheres to walls of out arteries (I can t beleive a nurse can be so ignorant), they are designed for this not to happen. Something must first damage the non stick lining called the endothelium.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87880
LDL stand for low density lipid.  It means that kind of cholesterol is sticky, it adheres to the walls of your arteries and veins and over time will obstruct them, that is what causes most heart attacks, strokes and peripheral vascular disease.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87881
Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) belongs to the lipoprotein particle family. Its size is approx. 22 nm but since LDL particles contain a changing number of fatty acids they actually have a mass and size distribution. Each native LDL particle contains a single apolipoprotein B-100 molecule (Apo B-100, a protein with 4536 amino acid residues) that circles the fatty acids keeping them soluble in the aqueous environment.Because LDLs transport cholesterol to the arteries and can be retained there by arterial proteoglycans starting the formation of plaques, increased levels are associated with atherosclerosis, and thus heart attack, stroke and peripheral vascular disease. This is why cholesterol inside LDL lipoproteins is called bad cholesterol. Still, it is not the cholesterol that is bad; it is instead how and where it is being transported, and in what amounts over time.Increasing evidence has revealed that the concentration and size of the LDL particles more powerfully relates to the degree of atherosclerosis progression than the concentration of cholesterol contained within all the LDL particles[citation needed]. The healthiest pattern, though relatively rare, is to have small numbers of large LDL particles and no small particles. Having small LDL particles, though common, is an unhealthy pattern; high concentrations of small LDL particles (even though potentially carrying the same total cholesterol content as a low concentration of large particles) correlates with much faster growth of atheroma, progression of atherosclerosis and earlier and more severe cardiovascular disease events and death.LDL is formed as VLDL lipoproteins lose triglyceride through the action of lipoprotein lipase (LPL) and become smaller and denser, containing a higher proportion of cholesterol.A hereditary form of high LDL is familial hypercholesterolemia (FH). Increased LDL is termed hyperlipoproteinemia type II (after the dated Fredrickson classification).LDL poses a risk for cardiovascular disease when it invades the endothelium and becomes oxidized since the oxidized form is more easily retained by the proteoglycans. A complex set of biochemical reactions regulates the oxidation of LDL, chiefly stimulated by presence of free radicals in the endothelium. Nitric oxide down-regulates this oxidation process catalyzed by L-arginine. Correspondingly when there are high levels of asymmetric dimethylarginine in the endothelium, production of nitric oxide is inhibited and more LDL oxidation occursBecause LDL appears to be harmless until oxidized by free radicals , it is postulated that ingesting antioxidants and minimizing free radical exposure may reduce LDL s contribution to atherosclerosis, though results are not conclusive.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87882
LDL lipoprotein is NOT at all bad for your health This MYTH is a product of very ignorant people. I can not believe the STUPIDITY  and COMPLETE IGNORANCE of  reply of the nurse on here.it is downright scary to have such completely ignorant people IN   the medical profession treating you.LDL is reposnsible for production of many vital hormones, protecting against infection and many more things.LDL is just one SMALL component inside of an atherosclerotic plaque .Atherosclerosis in humans develpos BETWEEN  the INNER  and OUTTER  LAYER  of the arterial wall It is NOT wads of goo inside of a pipe.It is MAINLY comprised of  VERY HARD FIBROUS SCAR TISSUE AND SMOOTH MUSCLE CELLS AND CALCIUM DEPOSITS
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87883
LDL  is deposited into the blood where it settles and causes blockages. This leads to increased blood pressure and coronary artery disease (blocking the arteries around the heart) That is what causes a heart attack.HDL (good cholesterol) takes the ldl cholesterol out of the blood.

QUESTION ID: NKL6XVS4LP47DMC
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I find my child s obituary in Wikipedia since a person named nicl said she found it.?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am trying to find my daughter Adriana.  I dont want to be played with by someone telling me they found her obituary in Wikipedia but then blocking my emails when I ask this person how to use Wikipedia.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 12467
Your childs obituary would not appear in Wikipedia.  Wikipedia is an online encyclopedia and doesn t have obituaries. Usually, only people who are known for something have entries in Wikipedia.  I don t know why someone would be so cruel.  You re best bet to get your childs obituary would be to go to the public library and pull the newspaper that ran the obituary.  The only cost to you would be for the paper that it is printed on. I am sorry for your loss and sorry that there is such cruel people in this world.  Take care.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20890
I just went to http://en.wikipedia.org (or you could put www.wikipedia.org), and typed your daughter s name in the search area (I  answered one of your previous questions about her, so I had her last name written down). This was the result of the search: There is no page titled Adriana Marmie . Unless your daughter is a known (or famous) person in today s society, she would not be listed in wikipedia (an online encyclopedia of history, sciences, etc). I DID see this on www.ipetitions.com/Apologize_Bill/signatures-1.html:  the first paragraph of what the petition is about :I clickedthe petition tab, then chose:Subject Matter On May 18th, 2007, Mr. William O Reilly made several unnecessary and offensive comments about Boulder High School, its staff and students, and the community of Boulder, Colorado on the ??Unresolved Problem ?? portion of an episode of the Fox News television program The O Reilly Factor .???????. The next page had the signatures. Line 24 says: #24 -- Adriana Marmie-- Bill O Reilly has issues. From www.legacy.com/Obituaries.asp?Page=OBITFINDERRESULTS, I tried a search 3 times and got this each time:Results :   Obituaries and Guest Books for Adriana Marmie  We were unable to find an entry using the information you provided. Please check the spelling of your search term(s). Modify Your Search           (I typed this in their search area):First Name:Adriana Last Name: MarmieState: Colorado (going from my above listing) Date Range: selected last 60 days ; all dates ; and last 7 days Keyword: Boulder (also from above listing):I don t know who nicl is, but I think he/she is being very cruel to you. No parent wants to think a child s obituary is on the internet--or anywhere else, as far as that goes--if it is not true. He/she probably has seen your other questions about Adriana and is trying to get a rise out of you. Don t fall for such insensitivity. Report it to Yahoo.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61650
I am so sorry you are hurting.  this place isn t safe from people who will make fun of you, when you already are hurting.  I am telling you this with compassion.  Yahoo answers is not a good place for your type of problem. I am sure that person was lying to you.

QUESTION ID: NLFEA81DQ10ZBSA
QUESTION SUBJECT: how was the quintessence discovered?
QUESTION CONTENT: i dont know enough about any thing in text book  i droped out of school in the 10th grade i didnt like being a geek . but i have been studing on and off for the past 15 years our natural envirement and have partially developed a therory of my own on motion mass and static energy as a binding force,for example the earths center is kind of nucleous that controlls every thing in our world and it is directly effected by the sun through its electomagetic forces and it could be duplicated if i could just talk to some one who knows a lot of info on the relationship between ectricity and magnetic fields mans form of energy franklin could not see the key was the answer to his his own question [iron]elementaly srtongest for both aplications and an ore that is aboundantly  found in every living thing attraction like a magnet=gravity
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72891
Quintessence was discovered by two groups which looked at distant supernova. By seeing how bright the supernova were they were able to estimate how far away they were. This was used to plot the relationship between distance and redshift that can be used to show how fast the universe is expanding.What they found instead, was that the universe is accelerating. That is, the rate and which the universe is expanding today is more than it wasa billion years ago, and  in a billion years from today the rate of expansion will be even faster.The name quintessense is used for various models of the vaccum energy which drive the acceleration of the rate of expansion. The term was chosen because it sound nice and mysterious, it has no connection with any Earth-Fire thing. They could have called it Peanut Butter and nothing would have changed in the mathematics - which is what counts.If you re interested in science, like it sounds you are, I would strongly recommend reading more about it, and just enjoy the very strangeness of it. Engage with people on message boards. It is extremely difficult to make a major, ground-breaking contribution to physics even with a PhD and research experience. It is basically impossible to do so without one. I don t mean to be condensending, its just that there were, and still are, a lot of crank theories out there based on a few ideas which may or may not be wrong, but which ignore the VAST amount of experimental data there is about the universe we live in.You don t want to fall into the trap of being a crank, or quack. Trust me, I ve seen it. (When a post-doc at a big state university.)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21604
You re a thinker...that s a good thing. It s never too late to go back to school. Do it!Quintessence is a generic term for the purest form a matter can be reduced to without losing the properties that make it that particular matter. Or, some refer to it as the fifth essence, Ether, the companion to Earth, Air, Fire, and Water.

QUESTION ID: NMTYIL21C8R5V6F
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why did my dad pass away of a heart attack?
QUESTION CONTENT: My father passed away of a massive heart attack over a month ago. After the fact I tried looking up some information about it but I mnot sure I understand it. So please, do not copy/paste information.My dad had diabetes&high blood pressure. He stopped smoking over 10 years ago. He also had a large belly ( but his legs and arms were tiny). I know those all increased his odds of having a heart attack.He has been eating really well for the last few years and had low cholesterol. So am I right to assume that his arteries were not blocked? He did not have a control on his diabetes...He also passed away in the shower. Did that make a difference?How long does the massive heart attack last before someone passes away?I would appreciate any help I can get
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46367
I am very sorry for your loss. I cannot however answer your question the way you may like. When we are ready to go Home we just go....it s our time. Try to feel good about where your dad has went. God needed him to go Home, your dad had fulfilled his lessons, his journey here on Earth. Everlasting life...death is just the beginning of his eternity. I would believe that your dad did not suffer....even if it takes time for the body to die, the spirit leaves immediately, therfore there truly is no suffering.I would encourage you to talk to your dad..he really is with you and you may sense his precense around you,....maybe his smell...or your electronics go crazy....he may send you a bird or a song that reminds you of him....usually the spirits will come when we are sleeping...if you wake up say between 1-4am it may be that your dad s spirit is in the room...the same way we wake when someone is staring at us or walks into the room while we are sleeping. If your dad comes to you in a dream ask him your questions....make a mental note before you go to bed that if your dad comes to you in your dreams you want him to answer whatever questions you have.Again, I am sorry for your loss.God Bless!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46368
Check out this web page www.medlineplus.gov   . Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46369
The pain can be minor in a minor blockage, or for a major blockage, tremendous pain.  If the blockage does not clear up, the heart is starved for oxygen, its tissue is dying, and the heart may stop beating right then.I had a little heart blockage for a real but minor heart attack.  I also had mammoth angina which dissipated with nitroglycerin after about 30 minutes, while on vacation. I came home two weeks later, and they did an emergency triple bypass for two near total blockages. They said 99% in two of three main arteries in my case, and I was lucky to be alive. I never smoked, was slim, and exercised in anticipation I would have a heart attack as my father did.  Smoking damages the internal lining of the arteries, which initiates the plaque repair and eventual large blockages where they occur.  If he ate badly for decades, likely his blockages were nearly as bad as mine.  I can t eat anything with fat, or I get angina.  Sometimes within minutes, sometimes lasting for days.  But my regular exercise gave me an out.  I had well developed collaterals, which did save my life.I hope he was happy the last few years as he bought more time for you and your family.  The changes he made were all he could do at that time, most of the damage was already done, as was mine.  My arteries are still blocked.  Improvement is only estimated to happen to 2/3 of patients at a rate of only about 5% a year at best.You and any siblings do know that with a low stress lifestyle, and a great diet, you can avoid the heart disease that took your father.  My kids know they need to do this, too.  But there are many things I can t do, so I m crippled on the inside, but ok on the outside.  What he went through can save you from the thing.  His legacy can be what not to do, and you ll live a long time.  I hope he d like that.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 56325
Sorry about the sad news.The very warm water from the spraying caused the inelasticity of blood vessels; BP jumped and so heart must work very hard for a blocking plaque and triggered a massive heart attack because of lack of oxygen from the steam.  It must happen too fast to get a fresh air!  Source from few books of Dr Dean Omish, and others.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87633
I m sorry for your loss, I ll pray for your father.He may have stopped smoking, but that doesn t mean he never did, and the damage that had been done wasn t reversed, it just didn t progress when he stopped.  So that s 10 years of damage to his body he lived with, not counting all the years he smoked.  A heart attack is basically when blood supply to a part of the heart is stopped.  The lack of oxygen from the blood damages or even kills the heart tissue.  You say he did not have a control on his diabetes.  Diabetes is definitely a risk factor for heart attacks, so that may just have been what caused it.  Also, previous heart attacks or strokes are able to cause later heart attacks.  Another risk factor is high blood pressure.  I understand he s been eating well, so his cholesterol was low, which is good because that most likely prolonged his life, or postponed the heart attack [so that he did not have it earlier than he did, meaning he was alive longer].  I wonder if your dad was under any stress, which is also a risk factor.  Old age is definitely another risk factor.I don t think him being in the shower had anything to do with it...and I don t know how long the heart attack lasts.Hope I helped, though..

QUESTION ID: NMWQ56F3WREZVAS
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you work out the area of an equilateral triangle with sides of length 6cm?
QUESTION CONTENT: How do you work out the area of an equilateral triangle with sides of length 6cm?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 15045
Draw a line straight up and down dividing the triangle into two equal parts.  Now you have two 30-60-90 triangles.Remember that the sides of a 30-60-90 are in the proportion of x:root(3)x:2x.  You know that the hypotenuse (2x) = 6.  Therefore, x = 3.  And the other side is 3(root)3.Area of a triangle is b*h/2 = 3*(3root(3))/2 = 9root(3)/2.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12205
All angles are 60??Area = (1/2) (b) (h)Area = (1/2) (b) (b sin 60?? )Area = (1/2) b ?? (???3 / 2)Area = (???3 / 4) (36) cm ??Area = 9???3 cm ??
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61633
each angle is 60??sin(60??) = height/6height = 6sin(60??)= 6*0.8660= 5.2area = 0.5*base*height= 0.5*6*5.2= 15.6 cm??= 5.1961524227066318805823390245176
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61634
Area of an equilateral triangle = (side)?????3/4                                                     =6?????3/4                                                     =  36 ???3/4                                                     = 9???3 sq cm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61635
Draw parpendicular on base is height of triangle= side opposite to 60 degree as all angles are 60 degree.= (root3/2) ?? side of triangle=   (root3/2) ?? 6 = 3 root 3Area = 1/2 base ?? height= (1/2) ?? (6 ?? 3 root 3)= 9 ?? root 3
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61636
Equilateral triangle is characterized by 3 equal sides and all formed three (3) angles are 60 degrees. If you draw a line h from the vertex down to the middle of one side (base line) you can formed a right triangle inside the equilateral triangle dividing the equilateral triangle into two equal right triangles. Hence, you can use the Pythagorean theorem to calculate the height h . The formula to compute the area of a triangle is A= 1/2 multiplied by base b and height h ; since all sides of the triangle are equal, you can assigned b to each sides.from the pythagorean theorem; b^2 = h^2 + (b/2)^2 h then becomes; h^2 = b^2 - (b/2)^2further; h^2 = b^2 - b^2/4 h^2 = (4b^2 -b^2)/4h^2 = (3b^2)/4get the square root of h;  it becomes...h = b/2 (3^1/2) .... reads base b multiplied by square root of 3 divided by 2 .Now, substitute the value of h in the formula A = 1/2 bhArea becomes, A = 1/2 b[b/2(3^1/2)]A = 1/4 (3^1/2) b^2   ---------->>>>reads square root of 3 multiplied by the square of b divided by 4 (final formula)Substitute value of b = 6cmsA = 1/4 (3^1/2) (6^2) = 9 (3^1/2) square cms ---->>reads 9 multiplied by square root of 3 square cms

QUESTION ID: NO1GGHGZJG0SF54
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do they call football games bowls ?
QUESTION CONTENT: There s the Super Bowl, the Rose Bowl, the Pineapple Bowl ... why not Super Plate? Or Super Mug? That would fit the traditional alcohol consumption ...Thanks for being original, Longhorn10. Oh, and thanks for assuming that I wouldn t notice your VERY clever copy/paste method. Really classy.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79538
Because the original games, such as the Rose Bowl, Orange Bowl, Sugar Bowl and Cotton Bowl, were played in bowl shaped stadiums that shared the names of the games (hence the Rose Bowl is played in the Rose Bowl, the Orange Bowl was originally played in the Orange Bowl and so on).Since then, trying to follow along with the traditon set by all of those early Bowl games, the word bowl has continued to be used for all big college football games and, later professional (remember, the NFL Super Bowl wasn t called that until Super Bowl III, before that being the AFL-NFL Championship Game).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27626
Because the original games, such as the Rose Bowl, Orange Bowl, Sugar Bowl and Cotton Bowl, were played in bowl shaped stadiums that shared the names of the games (hence the Rose Bowl is played in the Rose Bowl, the Orange Bowl was originally played in the Orange Bowl and so on).Since then, trying to follow along with the traditon set by all of those early Bowl games, the word bowl has continued to be used for all big college football games and, later professional (remember, the NFL Super Bowl wasn t called that until Super Bowl III, before that being the AFL-NFL Championship Game).

QUESTION ID: NOI3TYPWXHQ8YY1
QUESTION SUBJECT: in bible times, why did people live so long and now people live on average 73 years?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69282
Genesis 6:3Then the LORD said, My Spirit will not contend with man forever, for he is mortal ; his days will be a hundred and twenty years. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78160
The aging process is accelerated by the ultraviolet rays of the sun. Before the Flood, there was a canopy of water that filtered out these destructive rays. When the Flood occured, not only did the water that was under the crust of the earth break forth, but this canopy dropped as well. After the loss of the protective canopy, the longevity of the individual dropped as well. Compare the ages of people before and after the Flood to confirm this hypothesis.Professor Beatz-If pick and choose what you believe in the Bible, by what authority to you call yourself a Christian? Jesus treated the Bible as literal, would you correct Him as well? I am not as learned as you are, that is for sure. But that doesn t make your correct either.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78161
Because the Old Testament is not literal truth.  It s funny to see someone talking about UV light as a scientific explaination, but the limits on life are not imposed by UV light, but by the length of the teleomeres at the end of you chromosomes.  Replication will whittle your chromosomes to be progressively shorter.  If God defied His own natural law to impose a new length of the chromosome after the destruction of the firmament, what need was there for a firmament to beign with--why not just override the natural law to begin with?  It doesn t make any sense.And no, I m not an atheist.  I believe in God, but the idea that Genesis is unadulterated truth simply doesn t hold up to scrutiny.  For instance: there are two main types of mammals (marsupials and placental mammals).  Marsupials and placental mammals have completely different reproductive strategies, but they fill many of the same sorts of ecological niches.  So how does it make sense that the Afro-Eurasian continental continuum has NO marsupials whatsoever, while the continent of Australia has only a small handful of placental mammals (ie dingos, which are descended from dogs and were brought along by humans long ago) and is elsewise the exclusive domain of marsupials if all animals were dropped off by Noah on the top of Mt. Ararat?  How did the 13 species of snakes migrate to Australia from Ararat (9 of them are venomous: hence importation by humans doesn t make any sense).Why can we see galaxies millions of lightyears away if the universe is only thousands of years old?  Why would God create these illusions to deceive us?  Is it not true that Satan is called the father of lies?  Can you really reconcile the notion of a loving heavenly father that decieves us with things like these distant galaxies or fossils of dinosaurs?  Or do you ascribe Satan the godlike powers that would be necessary to create such deceipt?Ultimately, the notion of a single omnipotent and benevolent God does not manage to reconcile itself with a literal interpretation of the Old Testament.Answering Schneb: where precisely did Jesus say that the Pentateuch was the unaltered literal true word of God?  Thus far, all I ve heard is from Matthew 5:17-18:17) Do not think that I have come to abolish the law or the prophets. I have come not to abolish but to fulfill. 18) Amen, I say to you, until heaven and earth pass away, not the smallest letter or the smallest part of a letter will pass from the law, until all things have taken place.But that says LAW, not creation story. Indeed, the next verse is:19) Therefore, whoever breaks one of the least of these COMMANDMENTS and teaches others to do so will be called least in the kingdom of heaven. But whoever obeys and teaches these commandments will be called greatest in the kingdom of heaven. It seems to me that the term law refers to commandments.  And unless you re a Kosher Christian, I don t see how one can regard every rule in Leviticus--most of which the Apostle Paul eliminated as he introduced Christ to a Gentile population--as commensurate with the ten commandments.  And if not commanded not to eat shellfish, then why has Leviticus been abandoned while Genesis is held in such strictly literal regard?Ultimately, I see the Old Testament speaking of a God of the Jews as a distinct entity from the God of all mankind.  It is something I don t know how to reconcile, and due to the fallacies I see in the OT, I just disregard the book altogether, apart from the ten commandments that i see specifically eluded to.  I ll grant my Biblical knowledge is very weak; any insight you could provide as to why kosher laws are overturned but Genesis is argued to be the literal truth upheld by Jesus--well, I d like to hear how that works.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78162
the answer is this,,,, people back in bible times only lived to thier mid 30s,,,, or 40s,,,, anyone that lived past the age of 50-60 would survive a Generation or 2!!! thats Huge especially in light of the fact that there was ZERO science in those days,,, it was all UNsubstantiated myths and fantastical theories based in ZERO fact,,,, just think most women were married and BIRTHING children at 13!!!!!! doesnt take much to realize if someone lived to 70!!! Yikes!!! they would of survived 4-5 generations of their OWN family!! let alone others families,,, lol,,,, it only takes a few to live to that age for their Fables to grow,,,
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78163
During biblical times, people didn t live long at all.  30 or 40 years, at most.As for Schneb s answer -- that s utter nonsense.  Swedes, for example, get only half of the exposure to the sun as people in, say, Florida, and they don t live appreciably longer than people in Florida (and, if they do, that s probably attributable to Sweden s admirable healthcare system).  There are actually particular genes tied to aging, and those are the primary reasons for why we age, not UV.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78164
i dont remember the bible ever saying there was water floating above our heads, have you ever heard of GRAVITY?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78165
well how do we know what is in the bible is actually true? we dont.

QUESTION ID: NRGT7B17K2MVVFQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do CFC s destroy the ozone layer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 80695
Yer what achain said but simply it s the chlorine atom in the chlorofluorocarbon (CFC ) that attacks the ozone (O3)  molecule  breaking it down.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2923
Emissions of CFCs to date have accounted for roughly 80% of total stratospheric depletion. Whilst chlorine is a natural threat to ozone, CFCs which contain chlorine are a man-made problem. Although CFC molecules are several times heavier than air, winds mix the atmosphere to altitudes far above the top of the stratosphere much faster than molecules can settle according to their weight. CFCs are insoluble in water and relatively unreactive in the lower atmosphere but are quickly mixed and reach the stratosphere regardless of their weight. When UV radiation hits a CFC molecule it causes one chlorine atom to break away. The chlorine atom then hits an ozone molecule consisting of three oxygen atoms and takes one of the oxygen molecules, destroying the ozone molecule and turning it into oxygen. When an oxygen molecule hits the molecule of chlorine monoxide, the two oxygen atoms join and form an oxygen molecule. When this happens, the chlorine atom is free and can continue to destroy ozone. Naturally occurring chlorine has the same effect in the ozone layer, but has a shorter life span.

QUESTION ID: NUBQCEEQR3IRRVO
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is classic literature determined as such?
QUESTION CONTENT: Who or what determines whether a book will be a classic, or whether an author becomes an author of classic literature?  It s not all in the age of the book (as in Shakespeare), because there are modern authors considered to be writers of classic literature.  What makes these books special?  I love to read, but many of the classics had to read in school were boring and tedious and we were forced to analyze them to death.  What makes one author s books more special than another? These days, I would say it s the marketing of the book and publicity (hello, Million Little Pieces) that makes a book sell, but does that make it a better book, or make it a modern classic?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78743
In the traditional sense of the term, a classic book is one written in ancient Greece or ancient Rome (see classics). The word classic can also be applied to literature and other art that is widely considered a model of its form.Some authors who have written classics are William Shakespeare, Geoffrey Chaucer, Miguel Cervantes, Niccol?? Machiavelli, Lao Zi (Lao Tzu), and Confucius. Classics in this sense make up what some call a canon of world literature. The question of what belongs in the canon of Western literature and art is a matter of much dispute.Most classics are many years old, but sometimes the word is pressed into use to describe newer works. Many classic books are, because of their age, now out of copyright and in the public domain, and of these a large number are freely available online from sources such as Project Gutenberg or The Literature Network.Mark Twain famously wrote that a classic was a book which people praise and don t read. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26972
Essentially, stuffed shirts across the globe follow the lead of a few researchers and tend to maintain a certain status quo . What determines the classics? A bunch of stodgy, pasty-faced crumudgeons who haven t seen the light of day decide which are classics and which are not.

QUESTION ID: NUGZHRL7PR1KBOZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I motivate low-achieving students?
QUESTION CONTENT: I teach middle school math and Algebra 1 and a large number of my students are math phobic or have all but given up on my class.  When I m able to work with them 1 on 1, they generally get it and are able to make connections, but tend to tune out during class, give up easily on homework and then fail quizzes and tests.  This makes them more discouraged and then they are even more prone to give up...Any suggestions or experiences that might give me more ideas of how to reach these kids?  In a few of my sections, half the class is in, or at least close to what I ve described, while the other half is working hard and acheiving at an A or B level.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77826
Unfortunately, in today s schools often students are passed into higher classes when they haven t yet mastered the skills in the lower classes.  Teachers who seem to be less interested than you simply pass the students into the next class, saying, He ll be fine. Some of these students experience this for years.  It s not uncommon for a student to be lacking skills that he/she should have learned in third grade, but it s not discovered until he/she enters high school because well-meaning or disinterested teachers just keep passing them along.  Some of your low-achieving Algebra I students may not be doing well in algebra because they don t know pre-algebra, geometry, or even possibly basic arithmetic.  Since being able to do math is cumulative (you can t do long division without knowing how to multiply, for example), having missed something in the past can really affect them into the future.  You can t do much for these students except encourage them to study on their own, or (if you are allowed) encourage them to get a tutor.  (Be careful with this one: in the state where I live, if a teacher recommends a particular tutor, the school district is responsible to pay for it, which doesn t make the school district happy!)If you feel that the kids are prepared for the material and yet are zoning out in class, it might be the result of a neurochemical problem, like Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.  Not all people with ADHD are hyperactive , but all of them basically have problems with concentrating on schoolwork, keeping track of assignments, and so forth.  When you re working one-on-one with these students you might be able to keep their attention focused for long enough that they have a chance of capturing the material before their minds move on to something else, but when they re in class they have nothing to keep their minds from wandering.  If you suspect psychological difficulties of this type, you might want to refer the students to a school counselor and/or discuss it with the parents.  Another possibility is that the students are doing drugs, which can cause students to manifest some of the same psychological symptoms.Also, society teaches students, girls in particular, that math is hard and they just can t get it.  When you re encouraging them to continue working on a hard problem, you re working against all of that societal pre-programming.  That s hard, but a few experiences with success could help students who have that problem.Seriously, though, I suspect that the great majority of the students you re describing are giving up because the material is just too far beyond their level of skills, or because psychological problems are getting in the way of their learning.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88590
I dont have the answer..but its nice to see a teacher that cares :-)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88591
Just try to make it fun and competitive,try making up some kind of game&give extra credit points.Competition can get the juices going.

QUESTION ID: NV0GCRIYTK8UOLJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did Earth was form?
QUESTION CONTENT: For example, the rivers, oceans, PEOPLE, animals.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79825
It is said that the whole universe was created by God in six days. However, to be more accurate it is actually six periods of time.The Big Bang is a theory remains unproven, is it?I will continue later on this topic.Sorry if I bug you.Here is a link which discuss about the creation of the universe. I found it intruguing.http://harunyahya.com/create01.phpI really wanted to answer this question my own way but I just cannot seem to remember what I want to type.Sorry again.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79826
The Big Bang Theory is the dominant scientific theory about the origin of the universe. According to the big bang, the universe was created sometime between 10 billion and 20 billion years ago from a cosmic explosion that hurled matter and in all directions. In 1927, the Belgian priest Georges Lema??tre was the first to propose that the universe began with the explosion of a primeval atom. His proposal came after observing the red shiftin distant nebulas by astronomers to a model of the universe based on relativity. Years later, Edwin Hubble found experimental evidence to help justify Lema??tre s theory. He found that distant galaxies in every direction are going away from us with speeds proportional to their distance. The big bang was initially suggested because it explains why distant galaxies are traveling away from us at great speeds. The theory also predicts the existence of cosmic background radiation (the glow left over from the explosion itself). The Big Bang Theory received its strongest confirmation when this radiation was discovered in 1964 by Arno Penzias and Robert Wilson, who later won the Nobel Prize for this discovery. Although the Big Bang Theory is widely accepted, it probably will never be proved; consequentially, leaving a number of tough, unanswered questions.

QUESTION ID: NV5VX4RX7VHMEPC
QUESTION SUBJECT: why dose rainbow have 7 colours?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78397
Actually a rainbow contains the entire visible light spectrum. Our words and terms for individual colors is (somewhat) arbitrary.There is nothing inherent in physics of color or our eyes why, for instance, light with a wavelength around 470 nanometers should be a distinct color (in this case blue). It seems like a strange idea, because our use of language cements the notion that these colors are somehow special when compared to light at intermediate wavelengths.Tests have been done with children of different cultures to see if there is some hardwired circuitry in the human brain to identify distinct colors the same way. In other words, we see red, blue, green, but does another culture see (what we call) purple, blue-green, and yellow-orange as their primary colors?As an aside it is interesting to note that ancient Greek and Roman texts, for instance, tend to have a lot fewer color terms than modern works of literature. An early test in the 19th century where anthropologists did the ask-kids-color test suggested that in other cultures people tend to pick out colors from the base set of 11 in English (red, yellow, green, blue, brown, purple, pink, orange, black, white, and grey) - suggesting that there is something to the idea that these colors are hardwired into the brain.On the other hand, at least one more recent study found the opposite - that when shown a selection of hues children from another culture did not pick out the 11 English terms as special or primary.(Later of course the system gets refined, as physics lets us know how to combine colors in different situations. That is, once you pick blue as one of your special colors, then physics demands that the other primary colors are red and yellow. But it is not unique. If you start with purple then blue-green and yellow-orange are the other primary colors.)But, regardless of whether or not some colors are hardwired into the brain, a rainbow shows a continuous spectrum across the visible light range and beyond - extending slightly into the infrared and ultraviolet regions.So, the reason why a rainbow has the 7 primary colors is that these are the ones which we have identified and named as being special. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13666
prime colors
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26734
A rainbow is an example of Dispersion of the Sun light(White light) into its constituent colours by the water droplets present in the atmosphere.As the white light has only seven constituent colours,namely,Red,Orange,Yellow,Green,Blue,Indigo and Violet;the rainbow has seven colours.

QUESTION ID: NVIQE32REPYAL4Y
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can the cop s radar gun tell how fast I M going, when HIS car is moving too?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22694
Use of a radar gun to detect a speeding car has a few problems including the one you mention.  First, is the gun pointed at the right car?  Making sure there is enough separation between cars helps.  Is the gun picking up reflections from another moving object, perhaps bouncing off a large truck in another lane or a billboard? Pointing accurately and observing for such problems helps.The big problem is using the radar gun from a moving police car.  If the suspect car is approaching from the opposite direction, the speed of the police car must be subtracted from the indicated speed (either by circuitry or calculation).  That may be difficult to do with sufficient accuracy if the speeding car is approaching at just a few miles over the speed limit.  But at 75, 85 or 90 in a 65 zone.  I wouldn t count on it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22695
radar guns work via a phenomenon called the Doppler Effect, which refers to the fact that a wave (light, sound, and yes, radar) emitted by a source will appear to have a higher frequency to an observer who is moving towards the source.  this shift in frequency is called a doppler shift.when the cop puts his radar gun on your car and presses the button, it emits some radio waves that travel to your car and reflect back to the gun.  if you are moving towards the cop, the waves are shifted higher in frequency, and the frequency difference can beused to calculate your speed.if both you and the cop are moving, then the speed output by the radar gun will be the relative speed of you both - your speed minus the cop s speed.  so, if he s behind you, all he has to do is read off the gun and then add whatever is on his speedometer to get your true speed.

QUESTION ID: NWUKBLXON7Q4WOF
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much less radiation is usually used for Child CT Head scan?
QUESTION CONTENT: My daugther went thru a CT head scan in August. Three months after the CT scan, I have found out that CT is comparable to 100 times that of Chest X-ray. It is shocking. 1. I have done a lot of readings, and read that children s hospital says a lot less radiation is used for Child s CT scan. And some research paper says more radiation is needed for CT scan because of smaller size of their bodies. Which is true? 2. So, I contacted the hospital and they said they can t figure that out. And later on, they contacted me and said that they used about 0.75 mSv to get the head scan, which is much less than what I found from the Internet. Is it about right for 30 lbs baby?3. There are a lot of scary stories about CT scans especially for children. Does one time exposure develop a cancer? Or, one time exposure addes to the total exposure time which will develop a cancer eventually? I would greatly appreciate expert s advice on this.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85179
Hi, I have a degree in vet science, as a vet tech, and for that we are required to take a course in Radiology (X-rays).  I would trust what the hospital is telling you, and not necessarily all the sources you are reading.  Doctors and technicians are required by law to take all necessary precautions to use the least necessary radiation to shoot the pictures.  I know it seems scary, but you need to relax.The idea that you somehow need MORE radiation for a smaller object makes no sense to me at all, by the way.  I also want to explain to you that CT scans and other X-rays do not CAUSE cancer.  In a person already prone to cancer, they might simply encourage its growth.  In studies testing how much radiation it takes to cause cancer, it has consistently been shown that it takes repeated exposure, over a long period of time.  One CT scan is not going to do it.Finally, I really want to point out, as a nurse technician, that the risk from a needed CT scan is FAR LESS than the benefit of diagnosis.  In other words, the information a CT scan gives a doctor does not compare to any other technology.  He/she uses this info to make your baby well.  That information in my opinion always justifies any risk.  Your baby is fine.  Relax!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9753
My baby who is now 19 has undergone numerous CT and PET scans. He has also undergone16 months of high dose chemotherapy and two major surgeries to remove multiple abdominal tumors, tumors on the large and small intestine, spleen, and literally hundreds of embedded small nodules on his diaphragm. When faced with a deadly cancer the benefit of using a diagnostic tool to locate the cancer . . well . . can literally save his life. Without his last CT scan we would have not known that two small nodules were hidden on the dome of the liver.I understand your concern, and as long as your baby is not being scanned for cancer or any other deadly disease, hopefully all medical personnel has your childs best interest at heart.CT are not done idlely on children.Peace.

QUESTION ID: NZHMC0HY7FGEJFQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11214
What are people trying to do?Trying to set a world record for asking the same question again&again?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74044
I m sure you ll find the answer here.http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result;_ylt=AtUyZZ4BTdXkNqmV4ybX7I0ezKIX?p=Why+is+the+sky+blue%3F
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74045
The first steps towards correctly explaining the colour of the sky were taken by John Tyndall in 1859. He discovered that when light passes through a clear fluid holding small particles in suspension, the shorter blue wavelengths are scattered more strongly than the red. This can be demonstrated by shining a beam of white light through a tank of water with a little milk or soap mixed in. From the side, the beam can be seen by the blue light it scatters; but the light seen directly from the end is reddened after it has passed through the tank. The scattered light can also be shown to be polarised using a filter of polarised light, just as the sky appears a deeper blue through polaroid sun glasses.This is most correctly called the Tyndall effect, but it is more commonly known to physicists as Rayleigh scattering--after Lord Rayleigh, who studied it in more detail a few years later. He showed that the amount of light scattered is inversely proportional to the fourth power of wavelength for sufficiently small particles. It follows that blue light is scattered more than red light by a factor of (700/400)4 ~= 10.Dust or Molecules?Tyndall and Rayleigh thought that the blue colour of the sky must be due to small particles of dust and droplets of water vapour in the atmosphere. Even today, people sometimes incorrectly say that this is the case. Later scientists realised that if this were true, there would be more variation of sky colour with humidity or haze conditions than was actually observed, so they supposed correctly that the molecules of oxygen and nitrogen in the air are sufficient to account for the scattering. The case was finally settled by Einstein in 1911, who calculated the detailed formula for the scattering of light from molecules; and this was found to be in agreement with experiment. He was even able to use the calculation as a further verification of Avogadro s number when compared with observation. The molecules are able to scatter light because the electromagnetic field of the light waves induces electric dipole moments in the molecules.Why not violet?If shorter wavelengths are scattered most strongly, then there is a puzzle as to why the sky does not appear violet, the colour with the shortest visible wavelength. The spectrum of light emission from the sun is not constant at all wavelengths, and additionally is absorbed by the high atmosphere, so there is less violet in the light. Our eyes are also less sensitive to violet. That s part of the answer; yet a rainbow shows that there remains a significant amount of visible light coloured indigo and violet beyond the blue. The rest of the answer to this puzzle lies in the way our vision works. We have three types of colour receptors, or cones, in our retina. They are called red, blue and green because they respond most strongly to light at those wavelengths. As they are stimulated in different proportions, our visual system constructs the colours we see.Response curves for the three types of cone in the human eyeWhen we look up at the sky, the red cones respond to the small amount of scattered red light, but also less strongly to orange and yellow wavelengths. The green cones respond to yellow and the more strongly-scattered green and green-blue wavelengths. The blue cones are stimulated by colours near blue wavelengths which are very strongly scattered. If there were no indigo and violet in the spectrum, the sky would appear blue with a slight green tinge. However, the most strongly scattered indigo and violet wavelengths stimulate the red cones slightly as well as the blue, which is why these colours appear blue with an added red tinge. The net effect is that the red and green cones are stimulated about equally by the light from the sky, while the blue is stimulated more strongly. This combination accounts for the pale sky blue colour. It may not be a coincidence that our vision is adjusted to see the sky as a pure hue. We have evolved to fit in with our environment; and the ability to separate natural colours most clearly is probably a survival advantage.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74046
It is a reflection of the sea!

QUESTION ID: NZRNU8RXP18E2ER
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do i relieve from stress&anxiety ??
QUESTION CONTENT: Its become a habit with me to get easily tensed up with little things. Something that s not happening correct or not in order makes me anxious&irritated. You can say that i am stupid enough to take tensions&be worried the whole day regarding my studies, my life , my responsibilities, my future, what should i do ? Whom should i trust ? What is good for me ? I rarely remain relaxed. When everything seems to be allright something else crops up to cause me stress&anxiety.Now a days i don t get a wink of sleep before its 1:00 or 2:00 am. Stupid thoughts&worries keep pestering me&i keep rolling over the bed before i get some sleep. I get head aches.I am spoiling my health !!What should i do ???????Should i see a doctor&take sleeping pills or anti stress tablets ????Help me !Give me your valuable suggestions.Thanks for responding. :-)God bless u :-)~~**Spread smiles**~~ :-)THANKS EVERYONE FOR YOUR GREAT ANSWERS. MAY GOD BLESS YOU ALL.LOVE YOU ALL. :-)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 44928
You can get good relief by practicing proper Breathing techniques, Meditation and doing Yoga on daily basis. Apart from his you can hae regular prayers and make habit of reading spititual books  regularly-Controlled Breathing Techniques-When you are anxious, you tend to breathe shallowly, using your upper chest muscles. Your breathing can become extremely rapid and erratic, leading to hyperventilation. Controlled breathing is a technique that you can use to counteract this stress response and induce a state of calm within 3 to 5 minutes. Try this simple technique, using the following steps: -Lie on your back, placing one hand over your heart and the other on your abdomen. -Inhale slowly and deeply through your nose for a count of 4. -Watch the hand on your abdomen rise as you fill your lungs with air, expanding your chest. (The hand over your heart should barely move, if at all.) -Hold your breath for a count of 4. -Exhale slowly through the mouth or nose for a count of 4. -Repeat for 10 full breaths. Work up to 2 or 3 sets of 10 breaths each. Meditation -Meditation is a practice of concentrated focus upon a sound, object, visualization, the breath, movement, or attention itself in order to increase awareness of the present moment, reduce stress, promote relaxation, and enhance personal and spiritual growth.Meditation benefits people with or without acute medical illness or stress. People who meditate regularly have been shown to feel less anxiety and depression. Yoga - You can start doing Yoga with simple ASANAS. Yoga has been used to alleviate problems associated with high blood pressure, high cholesterol, migraine headaches, asthma, shallow breathing, backaches, constipation, diabetes, menopause, multiple sclerosis, varicose veins, carpal tunnel syndrome and many chronic illnesses. It also has been studied and approved for its ability to promote relaxation and reduce stress. For the time being you need not go to Doctor and I suggest the above methods, as going to doctor will make you addict to stress cure medicines, which can not be discontinued later. Also do not try sleeping tablets. -
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35161
Just talk with your near&Dears! freely about your thinking.................................about you feelings..................and see the result.dont try to hide your emotions&feelings from dears.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44929
Wow kiddo, you have to destress here.  Don t take life so seriously.  Believe me this world will go on with or without you!Get outside and get some exercise.  It will counteract the stress.  Get into a routine of doing something daily, and seriously stop taking everything so seriously.  Life will work itself out and you needn t be such a perfectionist or worrier either.Worry doesn t do a darned thing.  It doesn t make something happen; it doesn t alter anything, and it just consumes your time--no amount of worrying will change the outcome of anything.So take a deep breath...listen to some calming music or waterfall or something at bedtime...learn to meditate and stop  your mind from racing. You have to learn coping skills or everything in your life will get out of control.  Trust me...been there done that.  It will manifest itself physically if you keep this up and yes it can and will ruin your health if you let it!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44930
before you try pills try breathing techniques,they work wonders,this link might help.http://www.buzzle.com/articles/power-breathing-dissolves-stress.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44931
I know stress sucks,  I have tried many things, one thing that helpedme was exercise.  I hate the idea of using pills for everything, but some times that may be any answer.  Also I think that with age will help you control more of the stress and anxiety.  Good luck  and I hope you find what you need to eliminate you problem.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44932
anxiety is a individual trip, what works for me may not work for you even though it is a universal positive thing.1. love your self....no one is perfect,so cut your self a break2.go hug a tree, sit under a tree and do  [RECHARGE- DISCHARGE]while sitting under the tree imagine ,light,sky energy, water energy ,ground energy,ground magnetic energy poring into you.discharge--discharge all the anxiety, pain,worry,and problems ,out though your but,into the earth,as far as you can imagine them going ,like to china.breath in [recharge]breath out [discharge]and do that until you start to feel GROUNDED3.go into the wood ,is a standard good thing4.bed--fill your room with spiritual pictures, burn some incense and light a candle, and stare at the flame ,imagine all the negative thoughts and emotions going in to the candle flame like a door way to a nother dimension.5.get some nice music and play it on the head phones befor sleep ...remember to blow out the candle we don t want to start a fire.6.find someone you trust and tell them your problems7.ma be your a night person ,its 2 am here and I m not stressing8.stress and anxiety is a natural part of life,no one is totally peace full.so stop worring about things you cant change and change the things you can change.you can e-mail me ,have a few books i can give you the title to__________________stay away from pills and doctors,unles they are holistic doctors ....many people are on anxiety medicin were i live ,and they are still messed up because they dont alter there behavior,behavioral modification.ow and get a sheat of paper and write down all the good things that help and all the bad things that dont it is allway good to have a journal, so you dont do the bad things over and over again.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87281
I relieve stress by avoiding TV.  I use video tapes from salvation army. I avoid people who are winner-players . They don t need me and I don t need them. At church I look for the loners to be with not the winners. I try to sleep only when tired and get lots of sleep . Some mornings I awake too early and then I reward myself with MacDonald s . Your aura is not in sync with the main force of people and you need to favor your needs. Remember there are enough outsiders left to find one new Friend and some fun.

QUESTION ID: O1IHQHAOITC3W7K
QUESTION SUBJECT: Tumor and Cancer detection, why do Doctors always seem to miss most until they are really advanced ?
QUESTION CONTENT: http://www.youtube.com/profile?user=CherylShuman90210 Why aren t doctors forced to look for Tumors and Cancers like every 6 months on people ? We can beat most cancers if we detect them early.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 40657
The medical community is lagging far behind in warning teenagers and young adults that they too can get cancer. They have done a fairly good job with diagnosing children (perhaps because they get a yearly exam and are seen more frequently by the pediatrician) and they are doing a good job educating older adults (perhaps because they too get a yearly exam and are seen more frequently for medical conditions).Here is the problem. Young people are relatively healthy and can withstand and ignore medical conditions far longer than younger or older people. Cancer is also frequently asymptomatic until in the late stages. The public including family physicians need to begin an education program for cancer. Cancer needs to be a priority. The word needs to reach young people that they can get cancer. They need to know that all parts of their bodies can have cancer. They need to become aware that unusual lumps and bumps need to be immediately examined. They should not ignore odd symptoms just because they feel okay .My son had multiple abdominal tumors and the only early symptom was that he had gained 30 pounds. We did not recognize this as being cancer related . . who would . . he was 17 years old, had just had a well physical, and was playing high school basketball. By the time he was diagnosed he was a stage IV with advanced sarcoma. It was the first time he d ever been sick.I think instead of relying on doctors we need to become better educated to take care of ourselves. We need to be proactive about our own health.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9734
That is correct. BUT, your insurance isn t going to cover biopsy s on every part of your body every 6 months. Without a biopsy it s not cancer. They didn t know I had breast cancer til they removed an egg sized lymph node under my arm. Now here I am nearly 4 yrs later wondering why I am having mammograms every few months when the cancer wasn t even discovered there, it had already metastasized. I think I need an ultrasound around the area but I have to ask 4 people to get it. I also think I should have a bone scan-but, it hasn t been suggested. I have had 2 brain scans in 3 yrs.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40658
First, nobody wants to be probed that much. Colon cancer is one of the most common, and I just don t see people lining up to have a tube stuck up their butt twice a year if they feel fine.Second, there s the matter of cost-effectiveness. There are alwaysstudies going on about cancer screening, and it usually turns out that it costs a pile of money---think maybe $300,000---to save one year of life in one person for many of the screens that are looked at. In general, it s not considered cost-effective until that number gets down to about $50,000, which is still more than the average guy makes. There simply isn t enough money to do better. We already spend almost a fifth of our money on health care.Third, and related to the first, it normally isn t the doctor that s in control of the situation. You can t screen a patient who doesn t get to the office to be screened.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40659
The following was copied from an Internet news group.DIAGNOSIS--Why would I rely on your backward methods for diagnosing cancer, that is, with invasive procedures such as biopsies and radiation from CT scans?? Are you aware that when a person has cancer they have elevated levels of hCGH in their urine? This can sometime be detected with a pregnancy test if the hCGH levels are high enough.Because I had a dozen visible lesions or more and testicular pain, I screened myself with a simple pregnancy test. In my case the levels were high enough to register positive. Since I m a man, and I had lesions and pain, it was quite obvious that I had cancer.So once again, the macabre ways you are familiar with for diagnosing and treating cancer patients are unnecessary.Let me add a caveat, pregnancy tests don t always show positive when a person has cancer because the hCGH levels aren t always high enough. But if they are high enough...bingo! It s a great way to to uncover cancer cheaply and painlessly.There is a more sophisticated pregnancy test that is about 98% accurate and picks up malignancies six months to two years prior to other methods of screening. The downside to that test right now is that you have to send away for the results and there is a six week turn around on the results.One more thing. The hCGH conection is yet another piece of evidence that cancer cells are trophoblast cells that have been turned on. It s the unitarian theory of cancer which was first discovered by a Dr. Beard about 100 years ago.Trophoblast cells release hCGH as a byproduct of its activity. In pregnancy it plays a role in producing life by invasively eating a niche in the uterine wall. In cancer, the same invasiveness causes destruction. But the trophoblast cells can be turned off easily as my own case helps to demonstrate.In conclusion, in this thread we re discussing the merits of a variety of deadly chemo agents in a case that is so far advanced that the only outcome from the chemo is going to be negative. It s a case of pretending to be doing something. The doctors want to help. Unfortunately their tools aren t suited to the task. But psychologically they must believe, especially when it can be difficult to tell the patient you have nothing to offer them.Meanwhile, the only methods that work are the ones that turn off the trophoblast cells while supporting the healthy cells....which happen to be the vast majority of the cells. Chemo fails in the latter. And instead of turning off the trophoblast cells, they kill them.It s a recipe for disaster.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86006
I hate to say it, but the insurance companies seem to be running the medical treatment programs these days.I was just diagnosed with breast cancer - a fairly small tumor of about 2.8cm. They couldn t see in in mammograms because I have fibrocystic breasts. They missed it in ultrasound (but were suspicious). So I got myself a special Aurora MRI and that finally found it. But I am the one who decided to go there.  Certainly the doctors are being warned by the insurance companies to stop ordering expensive tests until things definitely point that way.Unfortunately, during the rule out metastatic desease of checking me out, they also found an 8cm tumor in my liver.Nothing would have found that, because NOBODY does MRI s on the whole body just to check things . And liver cancers don t show up until they are quite big, or are blocking things - in which case you get jaundiced.In any case, sometimes, it s just how things are. Eventually, we will have the Star Trek kind of medicine where they can wave a wand over you and find (and fix!) all the things wrong with a body.

QUESTION ID: O3DGCSXK3IOFHN7
QUESTION SUBJECT: How are active cultures in yogurt beneficial to your health?
QUESTION CONTENT: I know the cultures in yogurt are good for the somach, but what do they do?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78021
Scientists have proven that lactic acid bacteria found in yogurt can pass through the various barriers in the digestive tract and arrive in the intestine in their live state helping restore and maintain the intestinal flora so essential to digestion and good health.Live acid bacteria also prevent undesirable cultures from forming in the finished product, thereby keeping it pure and fresh. Yogurt, with live and active cultures may help also decrease symptoms of lactose intolerance. This is why many people whose body has difficulty in making use of lactose are able to consume yogurt with great pleasure. Encouraging early results suggest that fermented milk has a positive effect on the immune defense system, intestinal transit, muscle mass and cardiovascular disease. Other avenues that merit investigation include colon cancer and cataract.To be truly effective, it is important that the beneficial bacteria in yogurt are alive and consumed regularly and in large numbers.Fresh yogurts containing live and active cultures are always kept refrigerated before consumption and have a relatively short shelf life. Heat-treated yogurts, on the other hand, donot contain live cultures and have longer shelf lives but the health benefits derived from live cultures are not found in them.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8493
yoghurt contain live cultures of lactobacilus which are naturally occuring within the lining of your stomach as well as intestines. These bacteria help breakdown substances that enters your digestive tract such as food producing various minerals and compounds that are benificial to your body. Thus by eating yoghurt you are increasing the colony of beneficial bacteria within.

QUESTION ID: O3OW8STB6C6RULI
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are people so narrow minded when it comes to the paranormal?
QUESTION CONTENT: Just because its never happened to them,and can t be proven!There are so many people that have had paranormal experiences and are afraid to say so because of people like that!Do they ever think hmm maybe that did happen to so many people that say so,maybe the stories are true,whats really out there How interesting ?Why so in denial that these things and experiences exist!It gets old thoughout all history people have always known that these realms exist!Its just this day and age everyone so left-brained and against it all!Why?Just because it has nothing to do with your own little worlds!How can people think like that,I don t know!Just let us be,and others like me,we want to share our stories,and get it out there!So,if your mind can t be changed who cares anyway!Science can t answer everything!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87451
I think narrow-mindedness is as much a problem of the True Believers as it is anybody else. Why do True Believers tend to think the littlest accident a sign from the spirit world and dismiss the simple, natural explanations out of hand? And what is narrow-minded about needing evidence to believe in a rather unlikely claim? But we re talking in generalities here. Let s not.What are urban legends? Stories. Unsubstantiated stories. There are seemingly millions of them, everybody has heard them, but are any of them true? Check out http://snopes.com. Not very many of them even have a kernel of truth. And likewise we have people spreading ghost/paranormal stories they heard from someone they heard from someone....  Why is this believable?  How are these any different than the myriad fictitious urban legends? I ve never run across ANY ghost story supported by observable, testable evidence. Where is the evidence? How come every demonstration of paranormal ability fails?Lack of proof isn t proof of lack, so none of this proves that ghosts or the paranormal doesn t exist. But I m not interested in proving things not to exist. Rather, I m interested in finding evidence of things that do exist. And ghost stories always seem to be backed up with zero evidence. So why believe in them? And why have I never seen a ghost since there seem to be so many of them floating around?Science can t answer everything, this is true, but this is no reason to throw the baby out with the bathwater. I m not going to jump on the Science can t answer everything so lets get really irrational! bandwagon. Science is a systematic method of discovery of the natural world around us, and as such it is the best method we have for learning about the world. It s worked for us splendidly so far.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9133
Its not being narrow minded it is rational. You are one side of the fence and sceptics are the other - I, as I believe any proper rational person should be, am sitting on the fence. I agree that science can t answer everything, that s why research continues, and why we have philosophy and religion. But pure sceptics will sometimes deny that paranormal events occur and therefore not bother to research them.I don t have a problem with you if you want to believe in the paranormal - that s your prerogative in a free world. But don t try and force your view of things down my throat because, equally, I m entitled to think the way that I think.Me - I like to have evidence that something is real before I believe in it, but that doesn t make me a sceptic. I don t deny that people have experienced paranormal events, but I think there is probably a simple and rational explanation for many of them.Try reading the works of Charles Fort or read the magazine Fortean Times as I do. This will explain how I feel about the paranormal and how I believe an open-minded approach is the best way - not to say I believe in something or don t believe in something.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45648
I think the people who believe are the narrow minded.You in the face of overwhelming evidence,continue to believe. I m not against it.In fact I d like to see a real ghost or psychic.I d love to see a UFO or Bigfoot.It s just not possible,at least so far.If you check out paranormal claims,they always fall apart.You re always left someone says they saw-------- .If you want to believe fine,go ahead.When you ask a question in Science and Math. You ll get an opposing view.Not for your benefit,but for others.Some one standing on the fence between rationality and nonsense.I m going to try and influence them with facts whenever possible.Frankly, the world is a better place without superstition.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45649
i don,t know,but my eyes are wide open.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45650
Who is the narrow minded one?a) The one who seeks the truth through the process of elimination, which so far has eliminated the possibility of paranormal events. b) The one who automatically assume something is of a paranormal nature, and won t change thier belief no matter how much evidence their is. I think if paranormal events occur then group A are the ones who are going to find and understand them, in which case I believe they wont be paranormal anymore.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45651
There has never been evidence of the paranormal beyond personal perceptions.  Anyone who has looked at the track record of eye witnesses knows that human perceptions are very unreliable.  Anything which has really happened will leave physical evidence.  There has never been any physical evidence presented for paranormal events which could not be better explained as the product of normal events.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45652
This is one of my favorite subjects.  I have spent most of my life surrounded freaky paranormal stuff.  I come from a long line psychics and we just except it as a gift.  I have watched how others deal with it.  There are a lot of those that refuse to believe.  They see something and go into a sort of self defense mode to keep their brain from exploding.  The worst are the supper religious ones that think everything is demonic. Give me a break!  The only evil is in the minds and hearts of man.  They are looking in the mirror of their own souls, and it scares the crap out of them, but instead of changing they just keep going.  It s always the same, blame it on the other guy.I have a little problem with my wifes dead mother, she never did like me.  Now that she has passed on, she likes to toss  things at me from time to time.  While at a grocery store a while back she hit me with two boxes of cereal and this guy saw the hole thing just a few feet in front of me.  He went in to brain fry mode, slack jawed, pal white and shaking.  I tried to reassure him that it was all ok,  that this type of thing happens all the time around me.  I think he just turned it off and found it easier think that it never happened.I guess that many people, when confronted with the truth, just can t handle it.  Its not their fault, it is how they are raised and how they are influenced by the world.  I don t know how many people think ghost are the Hollywood scary movie, I m going to eat you bull crap. I have never heard of any of that being real.You can t really blame people from protecting their sanity, but they have no right to cast stones either.  I guess that is why I try to educate people and help.  Most people who have a paranormal experience  just want to know that they are not alone and not crazy.  I worked for a security company doing CCTV installations and service.  Security cameras pick up stuff all the time.  When something happens that the client can t explain they call out the service guy, Me.  They will have the video ready to show you and they always say What the hell is that! This is where you have to read the person right,  you can say that you caught a ghost on a security camera,  but its better to wait and see if they bring it up first.  I will say that I don t know and give them all the stuff about glass reflections or blame it on old tapes that have been recorded  over to much and offer to clean all the lens and replace the tapes. I know what I think.If you can t move the world, try just pushing it in the right direction,  that all anyone can do.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45653
I believe for two reasons: 1. They are defending their faith (in the science they know)2. They are reacting emotionally to their knowledge      having to be correct when faced with contradicting     evidence.For the record this is not unusual Einstein called the now demonstrated phenomena of entanglement in quantum physics Spooky action at a distance He could not explain it via his knowledge and so rejected it. He was wrong.When Thomas Edison lit up Menlo Park no scientist attended the demonstration and Scientific American Magazine ran an article by a leading metallurgist explaing why metal coud never used in a long lasting bulb and how ignorant Edison must be of such established facts.A better example might be Robert Rosenthal who came up with the Experimenter Effect which is now one of the most accepted (and supported) hypothesis in all of the sciences. He recieved a rejection letter from a journal for his paper on the same day that he recieved a letter informing him that his paper had won the Socio-Psychological Prize for 1960 from the American Association for the Advancement of Science.New ideas especially ones that require altering, adding to, etc. established knowledge is always resisted. It s also very well established that people resist change in almost anything.Michael John Weaver, M.S.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45654
i totally agree with you...i would think that millions of people all cannt be wrong, a wise person would look into it, to try and work out why it happens and try and work out the nature of it...there is evidence getting caught in photos and cams, that to me would be enough to prove there is more out there....i for one have experienced alot of paranormal and am trying to get a better understanding of it..i know one day there will be a break through, just like discovering the earth is round and floating in space, who would of ever believed that back then, and man would argue that it was ridiculas and that it was indeed flat....who would of believed that we lived on a round ball and how could we all be up right when we,d be up side down...now if thats possible im sure theres more out there to be discovered....it just comes with time and with the right people who are open minded and willing to discover..there are some situations that can be explained and yes sometimes its peoples imagination...and most are mysteries of this universe...if every one said it didnt exist then we,ll never move forward and discover more....thanks to great minds and people in the past who said theres more out there, and they went out and made discoveries of this existence...what if we listened to people that said we,d never be able to fly into space, we,d be still here on the ground and wondering whats out there...what if?

QUESTION ID: O4IONKI0MU3PH1E
QUESTION SUBJECT: I am an athiest. Why should I become a believer of religion?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am an athiest. Why should I become a believer of religion?I am having a very difficult time and I feel very cold and distant from the world sometimes. Has anyone abandoned atheism and turned to faith? Or the other way around? Tell me your reason.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31721
I am an Atheist. I am by nature,&spirit. It would be totally impossible for me to accept any religion. Contrary to the perceptions of some--being an Atheist isn t a whimsical choice; it is not without a moral compass or spirituality. Nor is it a religion as often, people call it. [patches, for example.]It is the antithesis of religion. [Sean]An Athesist doesn t believe in God? Hello? Buddhists believe in God,&they are NOT religious. They are Atheists who practice but do not believe in a deity--which is desim--belief in the existence of a god without accepting revelation. Read the answers from Buddhists, Gaz,&Epitipassi for example. Note that Gaz never asks questions. Think about what this means.As for having a very difficult time, we all do, sometimes. If we re in harmony with who we really are, this would not be a motivation to seek another self, that is, turn to faith. But, if you feel this is a possibility for you, I d never dream of dissuading you. It s your choice to make only from the inner you. Personally, I couldn t comprehend feeling distant from the world. Idealistically, of course, I d prefer peace. However, my interconnectedness simply couldn t make me feel distant.I believe it s a more a matter of whether you could become a believer, not whether you should. &that, my friend, is up to you.Edit: I hope nimit_en will think about ...YOUR BELIEF IN NO GOD.. as having faith. There is a contradiction,&an untruth.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42152
belief is hard
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42153
Am still Atheist-will always be.Was very cold, distant and uncompassionate also.The decision to incorporate a philosophy into Life has made avery optimistic impact in Life forme. Am much more connectedto others, calm, peaceful, mindful,friendly, and happy in life.Am not attempting to convert ya, this philosophy does not advocate such behavior, am simply sharing how this philosophy has had such anoptimistic impact in Life.*Buddhist, from the TheravadanTradition.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42154
if your asking then maybe shouldn t come into religion most people come into religion because they want to change their lives and they want to be a better person. you have to want it, you have to want to be a part of religion if you don t want to be a part of that then there s no point to it
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54392
When you have suffered, you understand that you have emotions and people manipulate them... It cruel its mean...its very not nice... Often people find theirselves angry with God because He lets this happen..and therefore become an athiest... But there are forces at work on this earth.... Evil is rude, evil will manipulate a persons life, it is rude, it is arrogant and it is pushy.. God on the other hand, makes it clear in his word that He is not pushy, He allows us free will.... So interceding would make him rude... When you ask Christ into your heart -(praying and saying you believe he is your savior and asking him to forgive your sins) , the bible says, the holy spirit takes over your Body and God becomes your rescuer..your armour.   There is definetly a supernatural element to this world ...too many to name...here are a few.. when you die you lose 12 lbs. instantly that is not wastes.  Prayers are miraculously answered all the time... Sick people with incurable diseases heal instantly... de-jua -vue and dreams that actually come true... I for one do not believe its aliens that do these things.. I believe if there were even aliens...(not saying I believe that) they would have to worship God too.Please visit www.Godandscience.org remember to type the org... He is a scientist that didn t believe in God.-an athiest.. He set out to Prove scientifically that God wasn t real and every direction he went either math, chemicals you name it, all he could do was prove a Single Perfect all loving God could only be behind every unit of existance... His stats, findings papers all of it are all on the website... Good Luck and God Bless you, and I am sorry that you are having a difficult time right now.  Bless your heart, I know that you don t believe right now, but I will pray for God to do something miraculous for you to prove to you he exists....I will also rebuke satan so that you can believe it came from God... Bless your heart...:-) I attend bible loving churches...baptist, methodist, assemblies of God, pentacostle, nazarine...etc.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54393
Religion comforts you. Reading a book (eg. the Bible) that tells about your creation and the beginning of time, even if YOU think it s just a silly story some oldmen made up, is comforting. Praying--venting, begging, thanking, loving--to God is comforting. Knowing that you re not alone in the world, that you have somewhere to go to after you die instead of just lying in your coffin as a rotting old body or floating around in the ocean as a bunch of ashes, is comforting. And after a bit of this comfort, you start to believe in it, and you start to know that it s true; you really do have somebody there for you, even if you do the worst things in the world and you feel like everybody around you has betrayed you. Faith is love is joy.And I m not saying that you should be Christian, although it s the most comforting religion for me. I m not going to condemn you if you don t believe in God, but do know that you feel happier when you have something to hold onto.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68159
Sometimes ignorance is bliss. Consider the Jesus freaks, evangelicals and other deeply religious folks, all have reverted to that primitive limbic systems of our brains, the place where our deepest emotions reside. The born-again Christian phenomena has a scientific basis. When people are in deep despair, near death, nearly starved, or other highly emotional states, the religious experience is triggered. Hormones, dopamine receptors and other chemical reactions take place...all good for the body. They help to fight diseases, etc. It was a survival mechanism our bodies have devloped since the days of our primitive ancestors.Those that know the truth like you however, ie Objective Reality, are not allowing themselves the body s defensive mechanizm that has evolved over time. The closest they (you) can come is to believe in the power of positive thinking which is the closest to religion (use of the limbic system of our brains) that atheists can get.I m like you, I ve chosen Objective Reality, even knowing that a delusional worldview could be beneficial to my health and body....go figure.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68160
If you feel that you should then you may not really want to go the religion route.  If you really feel that you want to incorporate religion into your life, I suggest that you go to the library and read up on what it is your looking to find on your spiritual journey, and with the information you fin, you will be able to decide which path to take.  No one answer is a proper fit for every person.

QUESTION ID: O5RCL2CL63OURYA
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does geography impact how people live?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86538
geography impacts climate which impacts what type of clothes and supplies people buy which impacts culture which is in constant interaction with a particular economy
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86596
land limitations-physical land barriers such as mountains, marsh, harsh living conditions/climate... eg people wouldn t want to live in the himalayas commonly because of high altitude, similarly the arctic is too cold and the desert too dry and hot.distance between places, eg. a town in a desert oasis in the middle of america. isolation, less accessible. would mean travel is harder and importing/exporting costs would be more expensive.resources-in some areas people live with wooden log cabins because it is wood which is readily available. a sufficient local supply of a fuel such as uranium may make for different energy supplies and different carbon footprints, and as a result of this different environmental impacts to the arealeisure pursuits, preference and employment. some work must be carried out by the sea such as marine biology, fishing, sailing, seaside tourism. If someone s hobby is skiing they re more likely to live in a mountainous region-if they enjoy sailing a seaside destination is more likely.I m doing a level Geography =)x
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86599
1. Can provide people with security--for example, if a village has mountains near it, they are less vulnerable to invaders, since they would see the invaders coming and the invaders would have a hard time with the mountains2. Waterways: impact trade and therefore economy...also impacts crop yield (easier access to water=better, bigger crops)3. Soil and weather (ie. desert, rainy area) can impact what crops are grown, and also how much food a place has and how much they can trade...certain crops are harder to grow, which could affect food supply.4. Impacts natural disasters (people living in a desert are more likely to experience dehydration (and therefore illness and higher rates of death.)

QUESTION ID: O6276HOKY0WQNTD
QUESTION SUBJECT: How old is the Universe?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 71471
12-20 Billion years
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64041
Recent observations suggest that the universe is 13.7 billion years old. COBE measuring the background radiation and Hubble looking at distant young galaxies both tally with this figure. Having said that though, we can see further all the time and so this figure may not be right for long.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64042
Have you ever wondered about the origin of the universe? Did it start with a whimper or a big bang? How old is the universe? Is it eternal or was it created out of nothing by nothing? And for good measure, how old is the planet on which we live?Questions such as these are valid and demand careful attention because they provide important solutions to the great riddle of life. What is important is that these questions should be approached with an open mind instead of a predetermined judgment. We should follow the evidence wherever it leads.Since the present popular evolutionary position is that the universe is 15 to 25 billion years old, we should check the evidence to see if this position is true. The following is a brief and partial list of some puzzling scientific facts which indicate the universe and the earth is not billions of years old. The evidence indicates that we should think in terms of thousands of years instead of billions of years.The age of the Universe has been a subject of religious, mythological and scientific importance. On the scientific side, Sir Isaac Newton s guess for the age of the Universe was only a few thousand years. Einstein, the developer of the General Theory of Relativity, preferred to believe that the Universe was ageless and eternal. However, in 1929, observational evidence proved his fantasy was not to be fulfilled by Nature.A very massive, very distant cluster of galaxiesA very massive, very old cluster of galaxies,as photographed by the Hubble Space Telescope. In order to understand this evidence, let s think about how a train sounds to a person standing on the platform. An arriving train makes a noise that starts low and gets higher pitched as the train approaches the listener, sounding like oooooohEEEEEEEE. A departing train makes a noise that gets lower pitched as the train goes away from the listener, sounding like EEEEEEEEoooooooh. This change in the sound of the pitch of the train noise depending on whether it is arriving or departing the listener is called the Doppler shift.. The Doppler shift happens with light as well as with sound. A source of light that is approaching the viewer will seem to the viewer to have a higher frequency than a source of light that is receding from that viewer. In 1929, observations of distant galaxies showed that the light from those galaxies behaved as if they were going away from us. If all the distant galaxies are all receding from us on the average, that means that the Universe as a whole could be expanding. It could be blowing up like a balloon.. If the Universe is expanding, then what did it expand from?. This is what tells us that the Universe probably does have a finite age, it probably is not eternal and ageless as Einstein wanted to believe.. But then, okay, how old is the Universe?. We know from studies of radioactivity of the Earth and Sun that our solar system probably formed about 4.5 billions years ago, which means that the Universe must be at least twice that old, because before our solar system formed, our Milky Way galaxy had to form, and that probably took several billions years by itself.. It would be reasonable to guess that the Universe is at least twice as old as our Sun and Earth. However, we can t do radioactive dating on distant stars and galaxies. The best we can do is balance a lot of different measurements of the brightness and distance of stars and the red shifting of their light to come up with some ballpark figure. The oldest star clusters whose age we can estimate are about 12 to 15 billions years old.. So it seems safe to estimate that the age of the Universe is at least 15 billion years old, but probably not more than 20 billion years old.. This matter is far from being settled by astrophysicists and cosmologists, so stay tuned. There could be radical new developments in the future.How old?   A quick approximation for the age of the Universe can be approximated by the inverse of the Hubble constant. The calculated age turns out to betriangle t~1/H 0=9.8x10^9yr/h 0Age of Universe as inverse Hubble constantCurrent best estimates of h0 are.60<_h o<_.80Range of observed Hubble parameterso the Universe is most likely somewhere between 12 and 16 billion years old, at least according to this method of estimation.  But recall that according to relativity, time is relative. We can guess the amount of time likely to have elapsed since the time when time was a meaningful quantity that could be measured. But we can t say anything about any processes that might have occurred before the notion of time made sense. In some sense, quantum gravity could be an eternal stage of the Universe, and the Big Bang could be regarded as the end of eternity and the beginning of time itself.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64043
The age of the universe, in physics, is the time elapsed between the Big Bang and the present day. Current observations suggest that this is about 13.7 billion years, with an uncertainty of about 200 million years.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64044
The age of the universe, in physics, is the time elapsed between the Big Bang and the present day. Current observations suggest that this is about 13.7 billion years, with an uncertainty of about 200 million years
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71472
The latest results of the COBE Research project gave the Universe 13,700 million years.

QUESTION ID: O68KX3MRMJPN75C
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does the heart work in simple terms for children to understand?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 81838
Every one seems to have it right, it s just a basic pump , it pumps blood around the system, like a central heating system ,  nothing really very clever about it, all you have to do now is explain what a Central heating system is all about. Good luck !!.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29775
Go to the library and get a child s book on the organs of the body. Read the book with the child.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29776
Grade OneStudents in grade one learn about their body???s systems and various health topics. They begin to understand how their decisions can impact their health and well-being now and in the future. Students begin to relate choices with consequences. They begin to examine the influence of the media on health decisions and to identify ways to access reliable information. They exhibit respect for self, others, and the environment.Knowledge and SkillsStandard of Learning1.1 The student will identify the major body systems and explain their connection to personal health. Key concepts/skills include:a) the cardiovascular system;Understanding the StandardThe student will identify and understand the importance and function of the cardiovascular system.Essential Knowledge and Skills.The student will:??? explain the location and function of the heart. (it is a pump in the center of your chest about the size of your fist and it pumps blood to the whole body)??? describe the function of the blood vessels. (blood travels through your body in blood vessels which are small tubes that take food and oxygen to your body parts)??? describe the function of red blood cells. (these tiny cells carry oxygen to your body parts)??? describe the function of white blood cells. (these tiny cells get rid of any germs that get into your body)??? explain how exercise affects the heart. (when you exercise your heart beats faster to get red blood cells carrying oxygen to your muscles ??? when your heart beats faster you are also making your heart muscle stronger)??? describe the function of the circulatory system. (your blood vessels carry blood to and from your heart and your body parts)Instructional Resources??? The American Heart Association ??? Heart Power Kits and Heart Smart ??? ???How Does the Heart Work???? ??? ???What Does the Heart Do???? ??? http://www.americanheart.org??? ???All Bbout the Heart??? ??? My Body ??? Heart - http://www.kidshealth.org??? PE Central ??? http://www.pecentral.org??? ???Body Works??? from The Learning Company ??? CD-Rom??? ???My Amazing Human Body??? from DK Multimedia- CD-Rom??? Heart Smart??? The Heart of Good Health ??? http://members.aol.com/youthfitness??? Teaching Children About Health, A Multidisciplinary Approach, edited by Estelle Weinstein and Efrem Rosen, 1999, Morton Publishing Company ??? ???The Human Body and Its Development?????? http://www.healthteacher.com??? Cardiovascular System ??? http://yucky.kids.discovery.comAssessment IdeasThe student will:??? help a partner trace his/her body on a large piece of paper and draw the location of the heart and the blood vessels.??? run 50 yards and place their hands over their hearts to feel their heart beat. 1??? learn how to count their pulse.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46928
it squeezes to pump blood out, then relaxes to let more blood in, then squeezes it out again
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49494
why don t you look on the bbc s website in schools under science.But basically, it is a pump that moves blood and therefore oxygen around the body.Trust me I teach it!ps for a slightly more detailed answer why not ask any junior teacher for an info sheet, any decent one oughta have one. i know i do!:-)

QUESTION ID: O6J3E482EWMVE3O
QUESTION SUBJECT: for how much time can we talk on cell phones without hurting ourselves?
QUESTION CONTENT: i mean from cancer etc.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 46826
Again, this is another unproven myth that is out there in the world today. Cell phones operate at a frequency of about 850-1900mghz. This operates in the RF spectrum of radiation.  This is also on the low end of the RF Spectrum. This is non-ionizing radiation levels, unlike that of medical equipment like X-Rays. RF can be harmful at high enough levels, like that of a microwave oven, and say you stuck your head in it, then turned it on and left it there for several minutes. Since cell phones operate at a frequency much lower then Microwave ovens, I think there is a very low risk. In cell phones, what produces the most amount of heat, or RF energy, is the antenna. Plus RF signal loses its strength the further you get away from the source. So the further away you are from the antenna, the less frequency. The less frequency, the less heat, then the less chances of over heating your cells, causing cell mutations, and then leading to cancer. My first question would be do you use a microwave oven, watch tv, listen to the radio, or have an IPod? If you do, then I am sure you really aren t all that worried about RF Frequency and its chance of causing cancer. Since all of these devices produce it. So do key cards at a grocery store, Id cards into work, and massive amounts of other thngs in our everyday life. There have been no clinical trials or studies that have proven the small amount of Rf from cell phones to cause cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10696
less than 10 minutes
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 56514
There is no specific time, but the longer you use the phone the greater the advers affects and certainly use of phones by young children should be avoided altogether, due to their skull and brauin is still developing. All in all this is a valid concern and you may want to consider the following;Although there is no proof to indicate that mobile phones can cause cancer, there is sufficient debate to cause doubt as to the relative safety. The thing is, it is a mutlibillion dollar industry and it will not be quashed without definite proof, which may not arise for some decades. As a telecommunications engineer I am aware of the poower density levels produced by mobile phones and the effect they can have on different people. Mobile phones transmit using radio frequency radiation (RFR). Dependant on the network this can range between 800MHz and 2GHz. These are radio waves located within the electromagnetic spectrum. X-rays which are known to cause cancer through ionizing radiation are also within the electromagnetic spectrum, however, RFRs cannot cause cancer in the same way as x-rays because RFRs are non-ionizing.However, high levels of RFRs can cause health effects through heating the human body (thermal effects). To address this health effect, the Radiocommunications (Electromagnetic Radiation Human Exposure) Standard 1999 specifies limits on public exposure to RF radiation from mobile phones. The limits set by this Standard are only a fraction of the levels needed to cause thermal effects.Whilst it cannot be shown at this point in time that the thermal effects from mobile phones are a health hazard there is a considerable body of scientific literature which describes the effects of RFR in biological systems that cannot be directly attributed to heating. These effects are referred to as non-thermal and have been demonstrated to cause alteration in animal behaviour, or changes in the functioning of cell membranes.Digital mobile phones peak power outputs typically correspond to 2 Watts or 2000 milliwatts (mW) which averages to 250 mW of continuous power. The old analogue phones (AMPS system) has peak power limited to 600mW.The higher power of 2W equates to a SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) of 4W/kg. (= 25mW/sq cm.) Max. allowable as identified in AS-2772 is 200microwatts/square cm. (But this standard does not apply for devices emmitting less than 7W!! Why so?? Although this transmitted level is considerably more that the standard it is only for a short time and the average power level of 250mW would be more applicable, which would result in a level of approx. 3microwatts/sq cm, considerably less than that identified in AS-2772.As such the scientific basis for assuming there is insufficient evidence for a health hazard is primarily due to the following criteria;- There is no evidence of a dose response curve. - There is no known plausible biological mechanism for RFR to cause cancer or other diseases at the levels found with mobile phones. - The scientific literature on RFR exposure and health effects is inconsistent. What does this all mean? Well in conclusion, I believe that mobile phones may have some adverse effects, but as it cannot be scientifically proven at present I would suggest that if you are concerned you should;- Limit the prolonged use of mobiles to under a couple of minutes at a time.- Use the phone in handsfree speaker mode.- Avoid using the phone in a confined space (such as in the car or building) as this causes the phone to radiate at the higher power levels to get a signal out.Personnaly I avoid using thephone as much as possible and if I need to use it I keep it under a few minutes or use hands free.

QUESTION ID: O7XQLYEUQA5KWVG
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why did we evolve with two little nose holes instead of just one big hole to breathe through?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74449
Glenn, I appologize if this comes off pretentious, but I would like to address part of your question. Unfortunately, it s not the part you probably want answered, but I feel it s the most important part of your question.When it comes to biology/evolution, to ask the question why is unanswerable. It s not the way things work when it comes to evolution. Things are the way the are now because of millions of years of selective pressures dictated all current living things into their current constructions.In fact, the question why is nearly impossible to even consider when it comes to biology. Things are the way they are not for any particular reason. Maybe there were organisms that had developed a large blowhole like structure that was at the end of their nasal cavity. But for whatever reason, which may or may not had anything to do with the having two small nares or a bigger blowhole, environmental pressures allowed one organism to succeed and pass along their traits (including the nairs) and the other became extinct.We can talk about structure s function that it provides, but that structure was in no way designed that way to provide that function. In fact that function may or may not have been essential to that organism surviving and passing along that trait. Some traits are simply along for the ride. In those cases it s other structures that provide increased fitness which allows certain organisms to outcompete and prosper through evolutionary time. In the case of having two nares at the opening of the nasal cavity, I have no idea if this was a critical structure for the propogation of organisms on earth. I can make the guess, however, based on the fact that many animals do have similar structures, that this feature was present early on in evolutionary time. The fact that this trait has been maintained suggests one of two possibilites: either these stuctures do have some level of importance for organisms fitness or 2) there is no real pressure otherwise that has forced a change from this trait that developed early on.If there have been some insight gained which is true, I m not aware. Hopefully someone who has that expertise will find your question and answer. In the meantime, I hope you will consider why the word why is not an appropriate place to start the path to finding out.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10255
i think one big whole would be sensitive...it wouldn t have this little bone to protect it self...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23148
My guess is two nostrils actually have functional significance since the trait is relatively conserved in evolution (birds, all mammals, all reptiles, pretty much all land vertebrates have 2 nostrils).The nose functions to condition the air before it s breathed in. That is, the nose heat up, moisterize, and filter the air before the air goes into the lung. Generally this conditioning will increase in efficiency if the surface area of the nasal cavity is increased. So 2 nostrils will provide more surgace area than just one, 3 will provide even more than 2... and so on.So why not 3 nostrils or even 5 or 6? More surface area will give you better conditioning effect, but large surface area will also slow down air flow significantly and increase the risk for nasal conjestion. So my guess is, 2 nostrils is the best balance between the amount of surface area needed for the conditioning while allowing the air to pass through the nasal cavity at the desired rate.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23149
Every evolutionary change begins/began with a mutation - - and the genes which control embryonic development are still only partially understood. The earliest chordates had little or no laterality in their anatomy, and in general the development of organs/structures which served to permit respiration, out of water, has conserved some _axial_ aspects of the digestive system, circulatory and nervous system... yet carried over some lateralized aspects of structures like gills (all air-breathing terrestrial animals have two lungs for example).I think it is interesting that the respiratory system, digestive system and nervous system share several structures in the head and neck. In general, the specialized sensory structures of the nervous system - - for vision, hearing, olfaction, vestibular function - - are paired and lateralized. There must have been survival advantages to have those strictly aerodigestive structures retain their singular, axial characteristics - - one mouth, one tongue, one pharynx - - after they split , the respiratory system conserved axiality in the trachea, but no further... while the digestive system remains axial throgh its entire length. The salivary glands are the sole curious exception that comes to mind.To the extent that the nose has multiple functions... olfaction, respiration and immune, I think that the genes for paired, lateral organogenesis (common to all other specialized nervous system structures) are/were the fundamental driving force for the morphology of the nose.Best wishes,Rex BickersFloyds Knobs, Indiana
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23150
The short answer to your question is that tthe human body (and many other creatures) possess symmetry.  For example, we have two ears, two eyes, two legs and so forth.  This predominant symmetry probably has a lot to do with survival of species since having two eyes (good for depth perception in predators or all-around vision in prey) still allows one to survive in the wild with one eye blinded, etc.  Humans very likely did notdevelop with one then two nose holes but rather from predecessor creatures that already solved the problem, perhaps apes or even earlier night dwelling rodents (flourishing after the dinosaurs) that needed exceptional powers of scent to find their way in the dark.  Our olfactory nerves are still directly wired to our brains.  I say, are we men or mice?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23151
There are a lot of really good answers in this thread. I would add, to phenolthymine s response, that the observation that two nostrils are conserved through many species doesn t necessarily mean that the trait is more functional than another configuration. Echoing exactly what J.R. said, which is really important...the animals that have two nostrils have a common ancestor. The genes that control this trait invented this most likely once, and it was good enough, so it wasn t invented over and over again. It was inherited from a common ancestor. If there was a strong advantage to a different configuration, it could have turned up, but the fact that something is the way it is in general means that it was good enough, not that it had a strong advantage.If there were evidence in the fossil record that there had been other nasal configurations and animals with those died out, while those with two nostrils survived, that would suggest that two over one, or eight, or whatever probably conferred an advantage.There are a lot of things in biology that, when you look at them, seem like a really roundabout way of solving a problem. The most likely explanation for systems that are really screwy is that it was probably good enough to let the organism survive and reproduce, and so it stayed that way. Out of many possible ways to solve a problem, we see often that a roundabout way has been conserved, and it has to do with the evolutionary pathway that it took to get there.When we say that something is conserved through evolution, it means that it has stayed the same as species have evolved, and it s true that suggests something that is functional. However a trait can become fixed in a population, meaning that all members of the population have the same version of the genes for that trait. This can happen due to random events, like a part of the population becoming isolated. Imagine if you had black mice and brown mice living together and you randomly selected a few to live in another cage. If those few all happened to be black, then all of their offspring would be black, because there was no other option, not because black fur was beneficial (it doens t work the other way around, btw, because black is recessive and the brown mice could be heterozygotes, but you get the point). Once an allele is fixed, meaning there aren t any other versions present in the population, then something is what it is just because it randomly happened that way. In this discussion, we re thinking on just a little bit bigger scale, but the mechanisms are the same.It s probably true that if one nostril were beneficial, that could have evolved, but the default state would be symmetrical because (as other people said) development is symmetrical until there is a genetic event to break symmetry, meaning cause left to be different from right. We understand dorsal/ventral and anterior/posterior patterning better than we understand left/right asymmetry, but the first two axes are established first, and it takes extra steps to make a body part asymmetrical.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48476
well i prefer that one big hole n offer u use that n enjoy life more n more
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48477
Because you have two hands full of fingers to pick your nose with...

QUESTION ID: O82JPCORGWFRDJA
QUESTION SUBJECT: french revolution&napoleon... how did it relate to democracy..?
QUESTION CONTENT: How did:-March on Versailles-Execution of the king-The Republic-Reign of Terror-Directory and rise of Napoleonbecome a step towards democracy?(some of them aren t though)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6196
March on Versailles - was caused by the French peoples revolt on agricultural tariffs. It can be related to democracy because it gave the people the freedom of speech and to march in public for revolts to change.Execution of the King - Louis XVI was executed by the French people due to his arrogant term in monarchy. Democracy-wise, it brought us the freedom to speak of anything against a leader whose rule is extraordinarily brutal and the freedom of having arms to protect a sovereign.The Republic (of France) - it brought extensive changes to France s government from monarchy to republic, and it proved to the people that it could last for some time. In terms of democracy, it gave us the freedom to change a government through the peoples approval.Reign of Terror - the French people were terrorized by the same Republic that brought them hope of a peaceful France, and it was also a precursor to the continuing French Revolution. In democracy, it gave us the right to protest the government s wills and desires that ledus to freedom of speech and movement.Directory and Rise of Napoleon - with extensive devastation on French soil, the people wanted a new leader to rule France and transform it into a modern, socialist nation, and they picked Napoleon to rule the country. To interpret that in modern democracy, it gave us the freedom to vote whoever leader is appropriate to govern a nation, thus having free, open elections.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6197
I hope we are talking about democracy in France here. The taxation of the people by the royal family was really up--which caused a revolt and the execution of Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette

QUESTION ID: OAOUKIIS06NBGIZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: I m training for a triatalon and   learning how to swim. I can t get my breathing down. Any ideas?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79992
The most common misconception about swimming is you hold your breath while your face is underwater. That s like telling a runner that you can only take in a breath on every 5th stride. When swimming you are breathing just as you would any other sport except you have to regulate your breathing. While your face is underwater you should be blowing out your air, slowly. The 2 main reasons are 1) blowing out underwater helps you to keep your mouth and nose clear of water and 2) it will give you more time to take in air when your face is above the surface of the water.Blowing air slowly underwter forces the unwanted water out of your nose and mouth. If air is coming out, water can t come in. It also helps gives you more time to take in breaths. The short time that your face is above the surface of the water, should be spent taking in air. When you expel most of your air underwater, you clear your airway and should be able to get a bigger breath of air when your face bareaks the surface. If you have to expel your air and take in a breath in that short time you will probably not get a good breath.A drill that helps is to do a single arm stroke, stroke using your right arm only, then your next set practice only your left side. When doing this your body is being leveled off by your kick. This way you can take a slower stroke and concentrate on your breathing. Watch your head position: your spine should be straight, chin tucked by your shoulder, and concentrate on looking slightly back when your face surfaces. Practice breathing on both sides and blowing yur air out. A lot of times this helps to keep your body more balanced and you will be able to swim straighter.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28092
Ok, technically it really depends what stroke you want to do in the triatalon.  I m going to assume you want to swim the freestyle or front crawl stroke.  The breathing doesn t take that much work to get down.  When you breath, you are going to breath the side by rotating your head to whatever side you would like to.  I tell the kids when I teach them to swim to pick a side and to stay on that side.  I breath to the left side because I m left handed.  So you are going to breath to that side when your hand is ready to come out of the water.  The head turns to the side you want when your hand comes out of the water you are breathing to.  The second your hand comes out of the water say on the left hand side, your head will come out on the left hand side.  Your head stays out while you get a huge breath of air and the second your hand goes around and back in the water your head goes back into the water.When your left hand goes up and around (still out of the water) your head is out of the water but when your hand goes back into the water your head goes back into the water.  Some things to think about...when your head goes back into the water close your mouth becase you don t want to get water in your mouth and when you pick a side, do not breath to both sides starting out.  I know when you watch professional or really good swimmers swim front crawl, they breath to both sides, but if you try that when you re starting out swimming you re going to get sick.  Start out really slowly with the breathing by putting both hands in shallow water on the wall and just go through the motions of the arms and remember the second your hand that you want to breath to that side comes out of the water your head goes to the side keeping your ear in the water chin to your shoulder and take a big breath and the second that hand goes back into the water your face goes back into the water remembering to close your mouth before your head gets into the water.  I know it seems difficult, but really after practicing it for a while you will get it down and it will be fun.

QUESTION ID: OBFMFPZRRO2T8SN
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the universe expanding at an accelerating rate and what is accelerating into?  More space?
QUESTION CONTENT: If as I was told, that matter cannot be created or destroyed is true, what is adding on to the universe?  Is it truely expanding or is science plan wrong?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75435
expansion does not require an increase in mass in order to occupy a larger area.  all that is required is for whatever the object.  is for it to simply distribute itself over more area.  for example a balloon with out being blown up takes up conderably less area than one that is full.  note;  the balloon never actually gains mass.  the material its composed of has just been distributed over a larger area.  although the universe is substantialy larger and more complicated set of objects the analogy still applies.  oh, and it s not accelerating it s just expanding.  in order for it to accelerate it would require some source of propulsion like some kind of powerplant in a vehicle.  since astronomical objects aint got none of that. they just keep truckin right along at a steady, consistent rate.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75436
Really tough question, I don t know that anyone, right now, can answer it.  I am going to suggest some possibilities, some wild ones.  It is true that the universe continues to expand with galaxies accelerating away from each other, but not in all cases.  I have heard that the galaxy of Andromeda will one day collide with our Milky Way Galaxy at some distant point in the future, so it can t be accelerating away from us.  Most galaxies are though, and anything that show acceleration is being influenced by a force, either attracting it, like gravity, or rupulsing it, the way like poles on a magnet repell each other.  So either there is one heck of a lot of matter (dark matter) on the periphery of the universe that is attracting other matter to it, or there is a force inside our universe that is countering, and is stronger than, gravity (the weakest of the fundemental forces).OK, here is where the wild imagination runs rampant.  Everyone knows that all matter has a gravitational attraction to all other matter.  The more matter in one place, the greater the gravitational effect.  Suppose the opposite is true, suppose that the greater the lack of matter an antigravitational force is present.  Just food for thought.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75437
So far as we know, matter is not being created, the Universe is just expanding.  It is an explosion.  In an explosion, matter is not created, it is just spread over a larger volume.The expansion of the U is accelerating.  The acceleration is caused by dark energy. It is unknown what the U is expanding into.  It may be expanding into another, larger U, or into emptiness.  (Since space does not exist until gravitaional and other fields created by matter define it, the U can not be expanding into empty space. It is either expanding into another space or into emptiness.)Within the comoving distance, the force of gravity is more influential than dark energy.  A similar situation exists with strong magnets.  When you bring two strong magnets close together, the magnetic force can overcome gravity to pull one magnet up to the other.As a consequence of the greater influence of gravity, within the comoving distance, objects behave as if the U were notexpanding.  This is how one galaxy can collide with another; they are within the comoving distance where gravity overcomes dark energy.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82213
I don t think it s accelerating, is it?  Maybe just expanding.

QUESTION ID: OBQKKAB5670632O
QUESTION SUBJECT: How exactly does a CD player work? A CD burner?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77633
A CD is a fairly simple piece of plastic, about four one-hundredths (4/100) of an inch (1.2 mm) thick. Most of a CD consists of an injection-molded piece of clear polycarbonate plastic. During manufacturing, this plastic is impressed with microscopic bumps arranged as a single, continuous, extremely long spiral track of data. We ll return to the bumps in a moment. Once the clear piece of polycarbonate is formed, a thin, reflective aluminum layer is sputtered onto the disc, covering the bumps. Then a thin acrylic layer is sprayed over the aluminum to protect it. The label is then printed onto the acrylic.http://electronics.howstuffworks.com/cd.htmThe CD-ROM (an abbreviation for Compact Disc Read-Only Memory ) is a non-volatile optical data storage medium using the same physical format as audio CDs, readable by a computer with a CD-ROM drive. A CD-ROM is a flat, metallized plastic disc with digital information encoded on it in a spiral from the center to the outside edge. The CD-ROM Yellow Book standard was established in 1985 by Sony and Philips. Microsoft and Apple Computer were early enthusiasts and promoters of the CD-ROM. John Sculley, CEO of Apple at the time, said as early as 1987 that the CD-ROM would revolutionizethe use of personal computers. CD-RCD-ROM reading devices are a standard component of most modern personal computers. In general, audio CDs are distinct from CD-ROMs, and CD players intended for listening to audio cannot make sense of the data on a CD-ROM; though personal computers can generally read audio CDs. It is possible to produce composite CDs containing both data and audio with the latter capable of being played on a CD player, whilst data or perhaps video can be viewed on a computer. These are called Enhanced CDs.For more information, click here:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CD-ROM
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77634
laser send light to turning CD, if light reflects data obtained is 1 and no reflection 0.To burn a CD a stronger laser burn a special compound on CD. If compound at tha region burns it is a 0 since it will not reflect light. for 1 the target region is not burned

QUESTION ID: OEQTNG2QD2CJVP2
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to cope with death after having some time?
QUESTION CONTENT: i have so much anger within me and i cry all the time mourning the death of my mother. its getting impossible at times. at first i was ok because i knew she was relieved from the pain but now i just miss her and feel scared and empty and helpless. i feel every1 understands what im going through but noone does and i feel i am being annoying to people around me and i know i will always feel this pain and maybe it will be less but right now its really bad.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 290
aw I m sooooo sorry about your loss :( bless your heart. That is such a hard thing to deal with no matter how strong of a person you are. I wish I could take away your pain. my best friend lost her mother to cancer and it was the worst thing ever. I could never ever imagine losing my mother. you just need to remember she is relieved of the pain now. and know that she is with you in spirit and will always be watching over you and she is your gaurdian angel. everything happens for a reason, even if we don t understand those reasons, ( we will someday ) its so hard. I don t understand why bad things happen to good people. life can be so horrible at times where you don t even want to live cuz the pain is so bad. I wish life was easy and everyone was happy and not suffering. time will ease the pain. you will always love, miss and hurt over her passing but it will eventually start to get easier, I know it feels immpossible right now, but eventually it will start to get easier. just remember she is here with you and you can talk to her anytime and pray to her. my thoughts and prayers are with you. I hope you get the strength to be stronger over this and be able to cope easier. god bless you
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51654
(((HUGS)))I lost my grandma last year, and did not have time to grieve because the children we adopted moved in for good 4 days after her funeral.There is no set period of time to grieve the loss of anyone, but it does get better...I have experienced LOTS of loss in my life (my family is older...mom had me late in life), and though the pain never goes away, it does decrease.However, even today, I looked in my rear-view mirror while I was driving and got all choked up because a little lady was in a truck with 3 other little ladies and for one split second looked like my grandma and it was almost too much to bear.That will happen, it s perfectly normal.Give yourself an hour a day (or 10 or 15 minutes, whatever is comfortable) to grieve your loss.  After that time period elapses, try not to keep going back over it.Sometimes that is a good coping mechanism...when you can control when to grieve it can help you come to terms with it better.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51655
Many questions here.First - let me say I m sorry you lost your mom.It s good to let your feelings out to others.  This is a safe venue for that.  But you also need to relate to the others in your life just how the emptiness is causing you pain.  I ve lost my father and both my father and mother -in-law.  I was closer with my father-in-law than my father, although both were close to me.  It helps that there were no secrets, no un-said words between my father and I before he died.  I have learned from that and have made sure that my still-living mother and I have no unfinished business.Now the insane part.  I miss my dog of 16 years more than any person I have lost.  Interesting!  It s not a painful missing but the sort of missing that your tongue does when you lose a tooth.  The tooth that you never noticed has now become gigantic in its absence.Time will help - but use the pain to make your other relationships better.  Good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51656
I know how you feel. When did you lose your mother???? How old are you?? My mum was diagnosed with a rare kidney cancer in May this year. It was very aggressive she pasted away sept 7 after only a 4 month battle. She was 60.. I am the opposite to you (maybe still denial??) i find it hard to cry im just numb constantly. Email me we can chat. xx

QUESTION ID: OF386LLXZH8YIW1
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is alchol and tabacco legal&marijuana isnt?
QUESTION CONTENT: Why is alcohol and tobacco legal&marijuana isn???t?  I don???t understand, since alcohol makes a person more unaware and plain stupid then marijuana and cigarettes seem to be just as bad as marijuana, maybe even more so since its actually paper drinched in tobacco and other chemicals.  I also hear mixed reports about how dangerous it is or isn???t.  Can???t someone do a intense study and come to a solid conclusion?how many people have died from marijuana versus tobacco and alcohol?  we know it dont kill as many people as REAL hardcore drugs, so why is it considered one?MAKE SURE YOU ANSWER THE QUESTION, NOT JUST POST YOUR OPINION OF MARIJUANA LIKE SOME PEOPLE HAVE CHOOSEN TO DO.Why is alchol and tabacco legal&marijuana isnt?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29829
Believe it or not, in an eerie flashback marijuana was made illegal as a tool to use to deport Mexicans after the need for their cheap labor was used up. The move was also partially funded by the large paper companies who stood to make much more money cutting down trees than they were making growing commercial hemp for use in paper production.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29830
Because we don t need it. Marijuana is not practical in any degree. It has a list of abusive problems a mile long. Granted it isn t as bad as alcohol in any respect. For example driving while impared on marijuana won t impare your abilities as bad as alcohol, but marijuana users seem to feel the need to specifically test how dangerous it is to drive while smoking as much as possible. Because of this there is an unreal amount of crashes due to marijuana. You guys need to establish a no driving within a few hours of smoking rule.Then there is the addiction problem. Yes, marijuana isn t as addictive as alcohol or heroin. However about 1 in 10 people do become dependant on this. Far less than other drugs, yes, but still noticable. Then there is the lung problem. No marijuana won t cause cancer. It has been proven to cause just about every other lung problem. Medical marijuana. There are good and bad things here. Smoking marijuana is worthless. The whole pain relieving effect is too short lived to be avantagous. It needs to be eaten or made into a vapor to be effective. You might notice that there is no shinning endorsements above. Yes, it isn t as bad as alcohol. But there is no great reason to legalize it either.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29831
Most of the people that answered are totally right. Marijuana is too useful. It s too easy to grow and its too good. I smoke marijuana everyday and i go to school full-time and work full-time. I love marijuana and i will never quit smoking. I don t care about our stupid laws. when i smoke weed it only affects me..nobody else. i don t drive when i m high and I m always alone so i can t possibly harm another person. therefore, i will continue to break this law until the day i die. breaking laws that might harm another person is an entirely different story. what only affects you is your own business. i say break the law with me smoke up and maybe one day this reefer madness culture will finally come to an end.

QUESTION ID: OF3KZB5DPMK4P5Z
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much pain is there with Radation Treatments for Prostate Cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: How sick will this make you and how much pain will there be? What are the chances of the cancer comming back after radation treatment? I have a friend getting ready to under go 9 weeks of treatment.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46824
The worst pain I experienced from radiation therapy was from having to lie in the same position for an hour during treatments. They made me as comfortable as possible, so it was hardly a problem.At the end of treatment, there was some sun burn of the skin, and it was unpleasant, but not a big deal either. Radiation didn t make me sick at all. Just a little tired, as others have said.Lazla.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46825
Well since your friend is undergoing about 8 to 9 weeks of treatment I am making a few assumptions. I would assume that they are treating him using IMRT. IMRT is a specialized form of radiation that allows the physicians to paint the radiation in various intensities within the body. The physician is able to distribute a large amount, or a high dose to the tumor itself, and is then able to limit, or reduce the amount of radiation to normal organs and tissues with in the body. The treatments themselves should only take about 15 minutes. This is more for the set up and position. The radiation is only one for about 30 seconds at a time. The most uncomfortable thing is going to be trying to hold still on a hard table during that amount of time. Other then that, the treatments themselves do not hurt. Your friend will not see or feel anything, just hear the buzzing of the machine. After about 4 weeks, your friend may begin to experience some fatigue or tiredness. A nap will usually help alleviate that symptom. He may also experience a slight redness on his skin. If he begins to use lotion in those areas from day one, this will also limit that redness and keep the skin moist. The only other thing that your friend may experience is some potential irritation when he needs to urinate. This is not experienced by all patients, but some do experience the symptom, but it usually subsides after 2 weeks from the end of treatment. One last thing, if your friend is treated prone, or lying on his stomach, some places use a rectal balloon. This may get to be a bit irritating after 4 weeks into the treatments. Its more of a nuisance then anything. It is used by some physicians to get the rectum out of the treatment field. This way they can increase the dose to the tumor and limit the amount that the rectum receives. If you have any further questions, you can email cancergeek@gmail.com.

QUESTION ID: OFB5ZG2ORDIQYC7
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do FEET smell (smelling feet) n NOSE runs (running nose)?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76278
because english is crazy! I got a couple more:There is no egg in eggplant or ham in hamburger; neither apple nor pine in pineapple. English muffins were not invented in England nor french fries in France. Sweetmeats are candies, while sweetbreads, which aren t sweet, are meat. We take English for granted. But if we explore its paradoxes, we find that quicksand can work slowly, boxing rings are square, and a guinea pig is neither from Guinea nor is it a pig. And why is it that writers write, but fingers don t fing, grocers don t groce, and hammers don t ham? If the plural of tooth is teeth, why isn t the plural of booth beeth? One goose, 2 geese. So, one moose, 2 meese? One index, two indices? Is cheese the plural of choose? If teachers taught, why didn t preachers praught? If a vegetarian eats vegetables, what does a humanitarian eat? =20In what language do people recite at a play, and play at a recital? Ship by truck and send cargo by ship? Have noses that run and feet that smell? Park on driveways and drive on parkways? How can a slim chance and a fat chance be the same, while a wise man and a wise guy are opposites? How can the weather be hot as hell one day and cold as hell another? When a house burns up, it burns down. You fill in a form by filling it out and an alarm clock goes off by going on. When the stars are out, they are visible, but when the lights are out, they are invisible.And why, when I wind up my watch, I start it, but when I wind up this answer, I end it?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13583
Because smell and run both have multiple meanings. It s not a funny answer at all, so I ve linked to a comic.

QUESTION ID: OFE7WU5EFHL1ACM
QUESTION SUBJECT: Any suggestions on how to ease earache pain?
QUESTION CONTENT: I get chronic earaches, not from infections, usually from sinuses being blocked. I have a very low tolerance for medications, so can t thinks like antihistamines, decongestants, painkillers,etc. when I have to be functional.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5878
Homeopathic Treatment for Earache(Otalgia) :-Sudden; due to exposure to dry cold wind Aconite 30 or 200, 2 hourly Throbbing pain with redness of face; hot feeling; rush of blood towards head Belladonna 30, 2 hourly Intolerable pain; worse by warmth,at night and after anger Chamomilla 30 or 200, 2 hourly Severe pain in eustachian tubes; with acute cold; worse indoors and warmth Allium Cepa 30 or 200, 2 hourly Due to pressure in ears from collection of wax Spigelia 30 or 200, 10 min (3 Doses) Due to sinusitis; stringy phelgm Kali Bich 30, 4 hourly Due to boil in the ear; perforation, discharge of fetid pus; worse by cold Hepar Sulph 200, 10 min(3 Doses) With thick yellowish discharge; better at cold place and cold open air Pulsatilla 30 or 200, 3 hourly For External Use:- Mullein oil (Ear drops). Take the remedy which is similar to your symptoms. No side effects or complications if taken as directed, please do not exceed the given dosage and under any circumstances do not try to mix any remedies and avoid Chocolates, Mints, Coffee, Red Meat, Alcoholic and Carbonated drinks, Spicy Rich Food while taking any Homeopathic remedies, and keep the medicines away from direct sunlight, heat strong smells and perfumes and do not store them in the fridge.Curing without any side effects or Complications Thats the Beauty of Homeopathic Medicine (Cures Par Excellence)Take Care and God Bless You !
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7700
ibuprofen shouldnt make you feel anything but better.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7701
There is a medication that is over the counter at the drug store that you can purchase...I forget the name of it, but if you ask one of the employees, they will know what you are talking about....They are drops that you put in your ear...and it works wonders...Takes the pain away quickly...Have you considered that maybe you need to flush out your ears?  Could they be blocked up from excessive wax?  Debrox ear drops will remedy that....Good luck and I hope you feel better....
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7702
my grams used to heat cornmeal and put it in a rag and i pressed it against my ear---i think sweet oil is supposed to help too
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65642
saline nasal spray as often as needed.  Nasamist, or Ocean;Neti Pot 1/4-1/2 Tsp salt to 2 cups warm water;Hot compresses on outside of ear to jaw;See ENT MD
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65643
The Yoga Pranayam (breathing exercises) to help with ear problem are:Bhastrika - Take a long deep breath into the lungs(chest not tummy) via the nose and then completely breathe out through the nose. Duration upto 5 minutes.Anulom Vilom - Deep Breath-in through left nostril keeping right nostril closed then - Breath-out through right nostril keeping left nostril closed then -Deep Breath-in through right nostril keeping left nostril closedthen - Breath-out through left nostril keeping right nostril closedand repeat this cycle for 20 to 30  minutes twice a day(maximum 60 min/day). Bhramri Pranayam -Close eyes. Close ears with thumb, index finger on forehead, and rest three fingers on base of nose touching eyes. Breathe in through nose. And now breathe out through nose while humming like a bee.Duration : 5 to 12  timesKapalbhati -(Do it before eating) Push air forcefully out through the nose about once per second. Stomach will itself go in(contract in). The breathing in(through the nose) will happen automatically. Establish a rhythm and do for 20 to 30 minutes twice a day.(Max 60 min/day) Not for pregnant women. Seriously ill people do it gently. Once you are better, continue the pranayam once a day.Be patient, as the benefits will show over a period of months.Only by doing you will benefitand feel good because you are helping your body.Those who say I have tried everything....will be amazed at the result of doing pranayam.

QUESTION ID: OI07YUPXUEPGLR7
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you deal with cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: i was just diagnosed 4 months ago and im still having a really hard time dealingim only 15 years oldim going to be 16 in 2 days...ive got ewings sarcoma cancer its in my neck they say its really rare because its mostly found in boneand no im not playing no damn game coblond or w/ewhats trolling and what are u going to reprt me for?i simply said i was 16 because i will be in 2 days
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 41122
You decide to yourself right here and now that you are 15 years old and YOU ARE GOING TO LAUGH AND HAVE FUN AS BEST YOU CAN EVERYDAY EVEN WHEN YOU DON T FEEL WELL.  AND KNOW TO YOURSELF THAT EVEN THOUGH YOU RESPECT AND FEAR , THE CANCER AND WHAT IT MIGHT DO,  THE CANCER  CAN TAKE A ^^&$@#$% AND KISS YOUR #%^&%$  AND YOU WILL SET YOUR MIND TO MOBILIZING EVERY SOLDIER IN YOUR BODY TO SEEK AND DESTROY ALL CANCER CELLS.  CAN YOU REALLY DO THAT?  WHO CARES!!  WE ALREADY DECIDED THAT CANCER CAN %$@# OFF, DIDN T WE.  HEY DUDE, DO NOT DRIVE YOURSELF NUTS OBSESSING ABOUT THIS FIGHT, DON T EVEN CONCENTRATE ON IT. JUST KNOW THAT IN  THE BACK OF YOUR MIND THE ENEMY IS MET, LOOKED SQUARE IN THE EYE, AND TOLD I DON T THINK SO BEST OF LUCK MY FRIEND...YOU E-MAIL ME AT ANY TIME.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14273
Ewing s Sarcoma is very rare, and very serious.Here s a blog you can check out:http://rebekahspage.blogspot.com/It s about a little girl that had Ewing s.  She is 4 now.  She had it when whe was 3.  You d have to go back to the old blog entries to see how it was when she was in treatment.  No one expected her to live.  I m hoping you may be able to draw some inspiration from her story.  Also, you can email her family if you have questions or comments.Best wishes
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41123
I m really confused so please explain?  YOu posted a different question about 2 hrs. ago stating that you were 16?  are you playing a game?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53932
I ve had cancer ... twice it was primary cancer and three times it was metastatic cancer ... and I am STILL ALIVE well over twenty years down the line ... and I am the oldest living survivor of what is now the surgical excision that is most common for the type of cancer I had.  It was 98% fatal when I first had it, and it is now only 14% fatal. You need to get really, really mad at the CANCER ... and you need to fight it with everything you have got.  LITERALLY!  Okay, you can t pick up a gun and shoot it or beat it to death with a stick ... but what you CAN DO is visualize the cancer cells within you as being weak and very sickly and the immune cells in your body that fight the cancer as beingHUGE and EXTREMELY STRONG and they can beat the cancer to death or shoot it dead or do ANYTHING that feels right to you.  Second, pamper yourself ... take long hot baths with bubbles and good smells like lavender, which relaxes you and can even help you sleep ... but also you should volunteer at something fun ... I was a docent at the county art museum two days a week, and counted bones in a paleontological dig two days a week ... you are young and must go to school or at least do schoolwork, but you should have enough free time to volunteer to do something good and fun ... even by bagging food at a foodbank, and giving it to the poor and homeless where you live is a good thing that can be lots of fun.  Then you need to learn how to listen to your body and eat what it tells you it WANTS ... because all of the good nutrition rules of a normal healthy life go out the window when you have cancer.  By listening to your body and feeding it what it really wants (sometimes it will be really healthy food like fruits and fruit juices, and other times it will be something like chocolate (eat only the dark chocolate that is at least 60% cacao, please), or you may crave oysters for days on end.  It doesn t matter ... feed your cravings and you will be getting enough of what your body needs to fight the cancer well, no matter how crazy that may seem to people who don t have cancer.  OF COURSE I want you to see your doctor regularly as prescribed and take ALL of the medication (including chemotherapy if that is called for, and also radiation ) ... and if you can t eat after your chemo then smoke somePOT (get a prescription from your doctor for this if it is legal in your state) ... the pot will give you the munchies and you ll be able to eat more and better .  In other words you are to take GOOD CARE of yourself in a way that will help you fight the cancer and also give you a GOOD LIFE while you are ill ... and if you can remember that CANCER is just a disease and that you WILL GET BETTER (another part of that first visualization I told you about) then you WILL GET BETTER.  I ll pray for you, my dear ... and you may also pray for yourself and even get on some prayer lists and ask at your church (or any local churches) to put you onto their prayer list on Sundays ... GET BETTER, but remember that cancer takes TIME to be cured, and you can get it again if you let up on the routine I ve given you ... but YOU CAN BEAT IT.  I KNOW YOU CAN, because I did ...

QUESTION ID: OIK8IDMQ56CX6OM
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long after my final chemo   will my hair come back?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m anxious to know how long i must wait for  my hair to start to come back . i took carboplatin, taxol and taxotere,
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 636
I took taxotere,adriamycin and cytoxan, my last treatment was Nov 27, 2006. my hair didn t really start growing until the first of Feb. 2007. Of course I had a little fuzz before that. I m in the transition phase where just cant do anything with it much yet. Its around 1 1/2 inches long now. Are you on tamoxifen? it seems to be making my hair thin.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 637
Some chemotherapy drugs cause hair loss, but it is almost always temporary. Hair re-growth may not begin until several weeks have passed since the final treatment. This is the most common impact that chemotherapy has on the outer surfaces of the body.If you had chemotherapy, here s a typical timetable:    * Two to three weeks after chemotherapy ends: soft fuzz    * One month after: real hair starts to grow at its normal rate    * Two months after: aninch of hairHow long it takes to grow back a full head of hair (and pubic hair, lashes, and brows if you lost them too) varies from person to person.Generally, the hair most likely to fall out is the hair that tends to grow back the fastest. The hair on the top of your head grows faster than your eyebrows or eyelashes.Your new hair may be just like your old hair, or it may be thicker and curlier, or straighter, than your original hair. And your hair might grow back a different color. Women who dyed and processed their hair might not remember what their hair was like originally and may be surprised by the new natural color and texture. Eventually, your hair usually goes back to the way it used to be after the effect of chemotherapy on the hair follicle wears off.Very, very rarely, permanent baldness occurs after many years of strong chemotherapy: Hair follicles get ???burned out??? and shut down, so there is no new growth. Remember, this situation is extremely rare. If you are one of the very, very few women who remain bald, you may mourn your hair for quite a while. But you can become an expert on what to do to make yourself feel attractive, and help other women deal with their new loss.So you need not worry for the hair. Let the disease be cured and in due course you will get more hair then what you had. Best of Luck-

QUESTION ID: OJ8CAAAMD07QY4B
QUESTION SUBJECT: How Do You Cope With So Many Friends And Family Who Have Cacner?
QUESTION CONTENT: Sometimes I think I will just lose my mind if I find out one more person I love or know has cancer. My Grandma was diagnosed with Breast Cancer years ago. She fought it and had it beat! She was later diagnosed with lung cancer and found the breast cancer was back.My Dad was diagnosed with Maligment Melenoma and CLL (chronic lympnopa luekema)  last year. He is currently on Interfrom for it, and goes for his end of the year test this month to see if it worked! I have all the faith in the world it did and I know he will beat this!On March 4, 2006 I lost a dear loved one to cancer. She would have made the best mother in law in the world. She didnt deserve the suffering she went through.I have a friend I went to school with, a dear friend, who is only 23 find out she has cancer. So many people I live around have cancer.How do you continue to have hope and faith when you feel like there is nothing you can do but pray? How must they feel if I feel this way?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39121
This is a hard question.  My neice has cancer, it started five years ago in her rectum, and she had to have a permanent colostomy.  This poor woman has been so sick, and the cancer has turned up in other parts of her body as well.  She has to go every month for CT scans, blood work, and pet scans.  At the first discovery of this horrible disease, they gave her a 5% survival rate.  With the help of family and friends, she has survived, but with great difficulty.  This has been very hard on the family, and believe me, I know how you feel.  My best friend died of melenoma a few years ago, it was horrible.  My uncle died of cancer of his sinuses, and my aunt has bowel cancer.  Several of my friends in my church have cancer.  There is really not much you can do, just have fith, and support all your friends and family the best you can.  It isn t easy, and it seems as though everyone you talk to has cancer themselves or someone in their family has it.  Sad, and about the worse thing that can happen to a person.  My neice is doing very well, but will always have to monitered the rest of her life.  She has lost a lot of weight, but she has a wonderful attitude, which is in my opinion over half of the battle.  You just be there for your family and friends, and give them support and love.  Just letting them all know you are there for them is a wonderful ting.  I know, because I am in the same situation.  Not easy, but stay strong and that will help them all.  Always, above all, pray.  That is the best thing you can do.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39122
Emu Oil gel caps might be a possible cure for your family. Emu oil kills cancer cells and is safe to take without harming the human host. Always consult your doctor before trying anything new.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45477
i have 2 cancer patients in my family now my mother and my husband all of my mothers family on her moms side died of cancer my husband had a brother died from a brain tumor you learn to cope and go on you cant stop living your life there are to many people out there that need your support and love to stop
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85565
It s an epidemic, and the American people IMHO have had the wool pulled over there eyes, being led to believe there s nothing you can do to help your chances of not getting cancer.Avoiding the terrible chemicals in our foods, cleaning products, pesticides etc. etc.  would be a great first step, along with eating the right way.  Unfortunately some people think eating diet foods with Splenda or equal is healthy, yet it s nothing but another chemical.We need to understand the business of curing cancer is nothing but just that, a business .Sorry to go on but I really hate to see SO many people suffering needlessly.  I remember Jack Lalanne saying, We don t die of old age, we die of neglect .  If you d like some good info on healthy changes take a look at: www.newstarget.comYou asked about hope and faith, I pray you take a look at the web site and maybe see this epidemic as something we have more control over than the conventional doctors would have us think.I wish you good luck, I know how painful losing family can be.

QUESTION ID: OKASNKK34XNA0EM
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why the Monlisa is the greatest piece of art?
QUESTION CONTENT: What s special about it? Why it s the most anticipated master piece?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 80077
To be honest, when I first saw a photo of it as a child, I thought it was quite boring. I still do.  I don t care if it was painted by Da Vinci, Kofi Annan, or Morrissey. It s completely unfascinating to me! If you want to listen to a professor explain to you why you should like the Mona Lisa, I m sure it s a very interesting story, and it would increase your liking of the painting. But what I find really impressive is a work of art that you know absolutely nothing about, but when you see it, your jaw drops, your heartrate increases, and you are immediately transported into another universe. For this reason, one of my favorite paintings is David Slaying Goliath by Peter Paul Rubens. I think you can see a photo of it at nortonsimon.org And I think that an innocent, childlike view of a painting is more important than a scholarly view of it. So, in my opinion, the Monalisa is DEFINITELY NOT the best piece of art. I would say it is far less than average.  It s really annoying how all of the hype and popular opinion influences people to believe something that they wouldn t otherwise believe.  A coworker of mine had a view of art that I totally agree with.  A great piece of art speaks for itself and requires absolutely no knowledge of who painted it, or why.  I think it s a much better and more enjoyable method to first look at a painting for a while, and AFTER THAT to read about the painting. In addition, the placards/descriptions written in museums about the works of art are so full of irritating, bombastic, overly used art vocabulary that it makes me want to vomit. People just need to shut the fuck up and look at the painting for it s own sake.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69369
i s pose its her smile. like its not a total happy smile. its myterious smile that keeps us wondering y is she smiling. what is she smiling at n y is she not smiling happily. she looks sad at times. i s pose the answer to what she was feeling then depends on ur mood on that day when u look at the masterpiece.

QUESTION ID: OM0DSM7AEI0DLD6
QUESTION SUBJECT: I m 110 pounds and can hardly do 2 push-ups. How can I get my strength and stamina up (by June)? 10 pts B.A!
QUESTION CONTENT: I m 5 feet 4 inches, 110 pounds, and 14 years old.I live a relatively unhealthy lifestyle seeing as I live off junk-food, and barely do any strenuos excerise.I know HOW to eat right and excercise but I don t know WHAT to eat or what excerises to do.Right now I get tired after running short periods of time .PLEASE tell me what to do! In June we ll be running laps and(knowing the condition I m in now) I won t be able to do it.Note: I have (inherited) a heart condition (cardiomyopathy [irregular heartbeat]) and doing heavy cardio makes my chest hurt, is there a way to do light training AND build stamina? (Ahh! Please don t be insulting with your answers! Really, I m trying to get heatlthy and I need help getting started!)Um... I really do like sweets...Are there any fruits/ vegatables that taste a little sweet?... (I need to ease into eating carrots and such!)Thank you for possibly helping me! I really appreciate you re effort to help me!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 71522
Good for you!I offer you my standard no-nonsense Mom advice.    It is not glamorous, but it works and it is what I have my children do.  (By theway I am a standard no-nonsense former track athlete, former dancer Mom, so I have quite a bit of practical training experience.):First, you should not undertake any new exercise program until you consult your doctor.  Your level of fatigue may be normal for someone who has not been exercising at all, or it may indicate a more serious problem.  Since you have already been diagnosed with cardiomyopathy you must heed this advise.  After your doctor approves, walking is an excellent way to start your cardiovascular conditioning.  You or your parent may need to invest in a heart rate monitor (available at any good sporting goods store) so that you do not elevate your hear rate beyond what is safe for you.  If you walk at a very brisk pace for a couple weeks you will find that you can begin to jog a little with a lot more comfort.  Soon you will be able to run without having to stop to rest.  Choose a modest distance, maybe a mile, to begin with.  Increase your distance not more than 50% per week until you reach a distance of three miles.  Then, to minimize risk of injury to your feet and legs, increase your distance by not more than 10% per week.  You are very young and may be able to handle a greater rate of mileage increase.  Check with your doctor.  When you begin running remember you will be uncomfortable at first, but your chest should not hurt.  For strength training push ups are excellent for your upper body.  If knee push ups are still too difficult for you, you can begin by pushing up from the back of a chair or a counter top.  For your legs, an easy exercise to do at home is squats.  Place your feet slightly wider than your shoulders.  Bend your knees keeping your chin level with the floor.  As you bend your knees, extend your arms in front of you for balance.  Try to bend your knees far enough so that your thighs are parallel to the ground (if you can t go this far it is okay).  Do as many of these as you can until you feel your legs beginning to fatigue (about 10 to 20).  Repeat this three times.  You will notice your strength improving within two weeks if you do this regularly.You should also include some exercise for your abdominal muscles.  Tummy crunches are easy.  Lay on the floor with your knees bent.  Place your hands behind your head.  Contracting your tummy muscles, raise your head and shoulders off the floor and then lower back down to the floor.  Do as many of these as you can, then repeat three times.  I do not say here how many because you may be able to do only a few.  That is okay.  Remember, you are just starting out.Your diet should stay within the daily recommended standards for all food groups.  The only food you absolutely should eliminate completely from your diet is trans fats.  They offer no nutritional value and are very bad for your heart.  If you need to reduce your calorie intake, you should concentrate on reducing fat in your diet while paying careful attention to making sure you consume a proper amount of protein, carbohydrates and a lot of vegetables and fruits.  For your sweet tooth grapes are good.  Also, go with your parent to the grocery store and look around the produce section for seasonal fruit that looks interesting.  My favorites are oranges, grapes, pears, bananas and berries.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5994
when u do ur pushups - u should start on ur knees - basically u have the same form but ur knees r on the ground and ur feet r in the air - then gradually work ur way up to doing normal pushups.and as for the sweets thing - i really like the fuze slenderize drinks cuz their sweet but they only have 5 calories in them plus theres fruit in them which is always a plus
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5995
There are ever so many Dieticians for help. QAll Yahoo answerers are not dieticians. For not being able to do pull-ups, soloid practice onlyt hwlps.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5996
try just having ur parents buy u fruit, apples/organges/raspberries/strawberries, even when i was little i chose those over candy, i have the same prob except no heart condition, and im lucky to have a fast metabolism.if u have a bike, id recommend biking, u can always rest when ur tired, and its very good exercise, i biked 14 miles before without being  tired, but i cant run a mile in under 9 mins, and im 18, so just start biking if u can, or light jogging, jog for maybe 2-3 mins, walk 1-2, jog again, and up the time u jog each time, eventually ull build ur stamina, make sure to load up on the carbs before exercising so u have plenty of energy
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5997
Here s a site for fitness for people your age:http://www.presidentschallenge.org/home_kids.aspxHope it helps!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5998
You should start walking, but not by walking a mile per day or so. Start with running  100 meters, then walk slowly, run 100 meters etc. Do this for a week, and then run 200 meters.......300... and keep building up week after week. I wouldn t suggest going to the gym, because if your 14 yo, then you re body isn t fully developed, and exercising with weight can damage a body that isn t fully developed. As for food, try eating bananas, that s the sweetest fruit.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5999
yeah i m a big sweet tooth too....but i really do like apples n grapes (red ones)...oranges too....specially clementines. dried fruits are pretty good but they ve got lots of sugar in them...but hey it s a start. I never was a big fan of carrots but when i m around my healthier friends and there s dip i always eat themalso...maybe try weight training? it s kinda intimidating but it actually does help. also jump roping is also really good but i don t kno if that s light training or not.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6000
start out slow by walking each night for 30 minutes at a brisk pace do that for a week and increase to 45 minutes then maybe walk some and jog some walk on a tread mill. do sit up or crunches both are easy Strawberries and bananas are sweet Why dont you make smoothies heres what I do get a blinder add bananas, ice, milk instant milk shakeyou can also drink ensure or boost make sure its cold I m not a fan of veggies so I am no help there.blueberries, blackberries are also good peaches in heavy syrup give it shot
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6001
Start exercising, ok you can do 2 push up, ok do 2 push up every day,  and then start trying to do 3, do three for a couple days then do 4. Also, run, or jog, that is good for you. Jog one block,  then two blocks, work your way up to a mile, then 2 miles.   Start out light, and work your way up.  Do a few sit up, and alway breath as you exercise, dont hold your breath.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6002
Walk, walk with ski poles or just plain sticks. It ll build up your muscles in a couple a months. {BICEPS} Stop that running . You can exercise more walking than running. You are not in condition to run. Build up slow, so you have no injuries. Good luck ,precious..... Fruit and veggies 7 time a day. bananas are sweet, papaya,strawberries,please stop the candy. Small meals and often. You ll be more satisfied
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65844
You and I are in the same boat. I was 15, 5 4  and 103 pounds. Now I m 16, 5 6 and 115. I think you just have to keep practicing.

QUESTION ID: OM1RMY58PV8KCSS
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do u get down and study-udy-udy for an honors bio class?
QUESTION CONTENT: ..........make it reasonable and assume that i am officially the worst test taker for that class...cuz of course i can do well in all my other classes...
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2711
Here is a recipe for success. Sweeten with less worry.1.Pay attention in class.2. Behave yourself.3. Participate in class discussions.4. Ask questions when you do not know something.5. Have good attendance and punctuality.6.Do your homework properly and well.You will find additional suggestions below for you do your homework smarter and better1.Pay attention in class.2. Behave yourself.3. Participate in class discussions.4. Ask questions when you do not know something.5. Have good attendance and punctuality.6.Do your homework properly and well.You will find additional suggestions below for you do your homework smarter and better.Here are some suggestions.1. Speak to your teachers privately and ask them what you can do to make things better,1. Have all of your materials ready and in the place that you are going to study.3. Study when its quiet. No music, no TV, No headphones, no nothing.4. Do your most difficult subject fist or else you may never get to it.5. Keep a calendar so that you know when a project is due or a test isgoing to be given.6. Vocabulary is very important. Words have different meanings. You need to know the meaning for the subject that you are taking.7. Study the relationship of things. How is the topic that you studied related to the unit that you are studying?8. Your textbook has hints for you. Many books have important words or phrases in darkened or colored type, make sure that you know them thoroughly.The sites below are excellent and will give you many other ideas about studying.http://www.d.umn.edu/kmc/student/loon/ac...http://www.studygs.net/http://www.ucc.vt.edu/stdysk/checklis.ht...http://www.ucc.vt.edu/stdysk/stdyhlp.htm...http://www.dartmouth.edu/~acskills/succe...http://www.dartmouth.edu/~acskills/succe...http://www.dartmouth.edu/~acskills/succe...http://www.dartmouth.edu/~acskills/succe...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2712
Research has shown that group study improves comprehension by up to 30%. I have found it so personally, statistics aside. So, try to find or create a study group, perhaps with an occasional tutor to cover the really difficult stuff. Ask a lot of questions in class. Email the instructor with questions the group or you have not mastered.  Mostly, don t try to do this on your own.  Reach out, as they say.

QUESTION ID: OM31RL7UW0PGQQK
QUESTION SUBJECT: If a titanium alloy is stronger than steel, why are bridges still make out of steel?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12532
titanium is rare, and it costs a hell of a lot more than steel.  here is a report on raw titanium prices showing thatTi costs around $5/pound:  http://minerals.usgs.gov/minerals/pubs/commodity/titanium/670798.pdfhere is the current price of steel, which is $245 per ton, which works out to be about 12 cents per pound.http://www.dot.state.oh.us/construction/OCA/Steel_Index_for_PN525.htmso, clearly building a bridge out of titanium will cost you quite a bit more.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26944
There are many good reasons.  Of course steel is much cheaper and plentiful than titanium.  Fabrication techniques are quite different including welding materials, techniques and welder qualifications.  There is a great body of experience building steel bridges including construction codes that do not yet exist for titanium.  Titanium is an exceptionally light metal and its best application for the present will be to strengthen and lighten aircrafts, including jumbojets.  The weight of a locomotive or bridge is less important and the cost differential of titanium vs steel can not be justified.  Titanium will compete with aluminum that can crystalize and weaken over the life of an aircraft.  Many investors see titanium as a great opportunity just keeping up with aircraft demand let alone its use as a paint pigment in the form of titanium oxides.

QUESTION ID: OMG772JPRSUC7JB
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i pass gre with more than 1500 score in 30 days.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73716
The newest revisions to the GRE puts the maximum score at 1600, there is no longer an analytical section - the essay question that replaced it doesn t factor into your goal of 1500 - it is scored seperately, so you would have to be near perfect in both quantitative and verbal, you would probably have to get at least in the 98th percentile for Verbal and the 80th percentile for math. I studied for 11 months, and got a 1300 - I did get in the 94th percentile for verbal, but mathematics is my weak point - always has been. So unless you don t have any weak points in math or verbal, you will not likely get near a 1500, especially in just 30 days. One trick to up your verbal score is to memorize about 500 vocabulary words, that should up your verbal by at least 100 or more points - at least 40% of the questions are on vocabulary. Use flashcards. As for math, the bulk of it is algebra and geometry.  Good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22368
Get some prep. guides - Barron s or Kaplan.Read their hints for each section.Do a lot of sample questions, in same timeframe as actual exam.I am not sure if it makes sence to learn vocabulary lists.I believe there s an essay question now. The books should have sample topics - write a few essays on them, pay some GRE prep teacher to grade them and give suggestions.

QUESTION ID: OMYJLACFYPODRHI
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you improve self confidence?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have really low self confidence and I want to learn to help make it better. I just do not have confidence when It comes to girls.But I fear rejection more than anything.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4981
I suggest you get a MALE therapist to talk to about this if you are serious.Fitness helps clear your mind regarding this stuff too.Here are some good ideas:1. Do something that gets your heart rate up a bit like, walking, running, biking, and swimming.2. Eat Whole, Organic foods like: Broccoli, Cabbage, Organic Brown Rice, Beans, Spinach, Sweet Potato, Apples, and other fruits and vegetables in their Natural State.3. Avoid eating corn, white bread, white rice, white potatoes, candy, sodas, chips, and anything else that you already know you shouldn???t be eating.4. Drink clean water as your beverage of choice. Avoid Fruit drinks and fruit juices (unless YOU juice them yourself)5. Stop smoking, drinking beer&wine, and drinking coffee.6. Get 8 hours of sleep each night.7. Hang out with people who want to be healthy.8. Avoid anything with High Fructose Corn Syrup.9. Look into taking a multi-vitamin.Tone up the muscles:1. Join a gym and get a trainer.2. If you???re short on cash, start a light stretching&yoga regimen.3. Do push-ups, and light dumbbell curlsfor the upper body.4. As I said above, walk, run, swim, and or bike5. Take an aerobics class, a yoga class, or some other fitness class.6. Join the local YMCA.7. Buy or borrow this book by Bill Pearl called GETTING STRONGER.In the book, he describes everything you need for a great fitness plan.8. Crunches&Curl ups for the abs.Mental Health:1. Get a friend to talk to each day about your feelings.2. If you have some money or insurance, get a counselor to talk to.3. Learn how to meditate.4. Join a support group for the issue you???re dealing with.5. Ask your Higher Self (or God) for guidance.6. Start keeping a diary or journal about your feelings&thoughts.7. Write a ???gratitude??? list every night.8. Do something that makes you happy each day like: listen to your favorite music, draw, paint, write, or anything creative.9. Do something for someone else who needs help.10. If the above suggestions don t improve your mental health, talk with your therapist about the possibility of taking some medication.11. Check out the book FEELING GOOD by David Burns.Take care of yourselfYam King
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63926
You ll gain it through age,i was shy to,now i m 34yrs old and been with 28 ladys so far,shoot go to the mall and if a girl looks at ya be point blank and ask her out,the worst that can happen is she ll say no.Big deal,i v been turned down alot,but dont be shy.

QUESTION ID: OOSOQF5R7JQQ520
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is my writing? Feedback would be much appreciated....?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am a Political Science major, but I have had multiple instructors strongly suggest that I switch my major to English. They all said that my writing is too good to be wasted in Politics. I am very hard on myself about my writing, but I am willing to share it with you if you would be interested in giving me feedback. Here is a link to the blog where two pieces of my writing are posted:http://blog.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=blog.ListAll&friendID=199251662These are not necessarily examples of my best work, but they are the only ones that I care to share at this time. Thanks for the help. --Mike
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 66403
You write very well. I particularly like the long, detailed description of the woman in the bookstore, followed by a very simple summary: ???She was dressed to kill. I was defenseless.??? You???ve also grasped argumentation well. There are a few (very) minor mistakes, like pronouns that don???t match (???ONE might hardly notice ??? until THEY???RE taking a test??? ??? a better way would be to say ???until ONE IS taking a test.??? Or you could use ???we??? for both). Also, your tone is quite mature, but every now and then you use overemphasis (like ???so incredibly brilliant???) that sounds less mature and breaks the high tone a little. But I only point these out because your writing is very good and I think you can handle criticism.It???s a mistake to imagine that only English majors should write well. Good writing is important in all sorts of fields, from law to journalism to politics. Your major doesn t define you or your future, particularly in the humanities. After you graduate, YOU choose your career path, using ALL your life experience so far, not just your major. And any humanities major improves your writing. So if you wanted to go into some kind of writing career afterwards, you could use a major in politics, law, philosophy, archaeology, anthropology or pretty much anything else.Take the major YOU want to study. You certainly have the talent to do English, but don t feel obliged to.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66404
Wow they re really, really good!I love presented itself like the love child of autumn leaves and a silk gown, that s beautiful!And I was reading your first piece with my mouth open.If instructers say you should change, then I say go for it, although I don t know how good you are at political science, so I suppose my answer is bias. Maybe you should enter a piece into a competition or newspaper and get feedback from other professionals?Good Luck!

QUESTION ID: OSHT3IXXTQ8AJRU
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why doesn t Y!A ever pick The Best of Answers in mathematics?
QUESTION CONTENT: Is Y!A belittling mathematics or something? Or maybe none of the Y!A reviewers can even understand it?rahooblack, there will always be certain people like you that will reflexively stick up for the establishment.  Have you ever check into Best of Answers , which is at the top of Categories ?   In the past year, I ve not ever seen a single question&answer picked by Y!A in the category Mathematics. Why is that?If Y!A has numerous categories, all of which are listed in The Best of Answers , then it would seem to me that the best of each would be picked for the benefit of the people who frequent those categories.  I never look at the The Best of Answers in the Beauty and Style category.I have seen some good questions asked in Mathematics that are good for general knowledge, such as, What is a complex number? , and What is the most famous (or important, or beautiful) equation in mathematics? , and Are there any practical uses for non-Euclidean geometries? , and even Who invented zero? I thought maybe Y!A checks the number of stars to select The Best of Answers , but in Science&Mathematics, the number of stars in the questions selected ranged from 3 to 209, the 209 being, Why does the stomach make funny noises when hungry? , while the 3 was, Is the Earth s solar eclipse unique in the solar system? So, you can see that the Y!A folks are picking those for popular appeal.  Maybe we need to ask questions like, If I know how to use calculus, will my boyfriend stop respecting me? In fact, let s check out how this question will do, star-wise.  See:http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080114075335AAewUB3&pa=FYd1D2bwHTHzJLplFuw7QNl6t.uQL_y1caJXPMhwN_l9HDUKconnU1oPBBvssfUahplhcOq6EH_QJA--&paid=asked&msgr_status=
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 68743
Yes, I d like to see a Best of Answers for math and hard science.  Maybe we d get stuff that makes you think like: http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AuLkkH.IpqEKB9GRMHCGc4jty6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20080102122544AAHfGJz .  But the average person would just roll their eyes.But the trouble is the Best of Answers is a headline when you open Y!A.  They want to grab and entice as many people as possible into spending more time here.  Y!A likes the type of stuff you d find in a lightweight newspaper advice section.  It is just for advertising Y!A, nothing more.It would be great to have a Best of Answer right at the top of each section like physics or math.  It would take a couple of moderators and new software.  But I think it would be a welcome addition.Keep up the good work and be content with a few stars.  People like (??) The Cat and (??) Jack who are big fans of you are really good about advertising good questions and answers by starring them.  This way people who are their fans will see that a good question is out there.  This is the best we poor well-educated and discriminated against brethren can do.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65342
all answers of all the questions can not be reviewed by yahoo !so its not possible to select thru thm for best answerits asker s responsibility ...to give the best
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65343
I suppose it s because most questions here are about specific problems in Mathematics (mostly school homework) rather than things which the general world cares about and can relate to. Many people have problems with studying for exams or spring cleaning, so questions about those get into Best of Answers . These answers are not easy to get. But most Math answers can be obtained with a quick net search. Since most users in Y!A are out of college, have a job, and have a home life to worry about, they wouldn t care about the solution of a quadratic equation or an integration brain-racker because people got their job because they know it in the first place! And Yahoo! knows that.There are some very good questions here, but the most difficult ones are, again, specific problems which the rest of the world doesn t give a damn about!EDIT:You misunderstood me. I didn t mean to say that the Math section isn t good for most people s GK. (Using your example) I just meant to say that knowing the most wonderful equation or knowing what a complex number is would not help people in the real world.Still, we must do all we can to get some questions in there!We can start with starring! Then, make forum posts to get the staff s attention. After that, hope for the best!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65344
Yeah, I agree with the undertaker. Although I have not actually browsed through the best of answers, I would guess that the ones that would make it there are ones that everyone would understand and not something academic in nature.Something that simple people could understand and relate to.EDIT: okay, I just visited the best of answers and saw what you meant. When I clicked on those answers, I noticed that the best answer had a lot of thumbs up. I wonder if any question in the mathematics section ever got that many thumbs up.I know it is unfair. And another injustice to the world of mathematics is the fact that it is one of the subjects that does not get a nobel prize, although every field of study ( including some that do get a nobel prize) depend on mathematics.EDIT: Agree. those are interesting questions you mentioned, great for general knowledge and accessible to the general people; but thinking it is interesting does not do much, the questions will not get the attention ( and hence make it to the best of answers) without the stars. I asked the question what is a complex number and only received 2 stars.Sometimes, people feel embarrassed to star a question maybe ( because it is seemingly basic) ?EDIT: Actually I think they look at the thumbs up received. The minimum number of thumbs up received I found was 18 and some questiond had 100 +
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65345
I ve noticed that myself. I guess they only feature questions in there that will interest a general audience. From the Science&Math category, that usually implies that the majority of questions are taken from astronomy and psychology. Now as far as Yahoo is concerned, they are fulfilling their obligation to the Science and Math category.So if a math question is going to make it, it has to be soft math or general info math. I tried asking a question with the hope of making best of answers , but the question did not generate a lot of interest.http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AhZWRaixRt.VqEZuZNcohx_ty6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20071015104030AAmXp4v

QUESTION ID: OUO7AB7IFLOHQS8
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long can you have cancer before experiencing symptoms?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have had this little lump in my breast for months.. it hasn t grown and it s not painful.. but it isn t going away. I never went to my doctor because I thought if it was cancer I would know it and there is nothing to worry about. Should I be worried?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 46866
It depends on the Grade of Cancer. Grade in Cancer means the rate at which the cancerous cells get multiplied. If the grade is lower it takes lot of time to develop. Grade one breast cancer may be existing and will show up only when it is reaches Stage III or so. Only grade III or IV cancers develop   fast and show up early. Even certain cancers does not show up in the testing and screening also. Screening involves the evaluation of women who have no symptoms or signs of a breast problem, so when the screening mammogram leads to the evaluation, the patient has no symptoms and may not have any abnormality on examination of the breast. Mammography has been very helpful in detecting breast cancer that one cannot identify on physical examination. However, 10%???13% of breast cancer does not show up on mammography, and a similar number of patients with breast cancer have an abnormal mammogram and a normal physical examination. These figures emphasize the need for examination as part of the screening process.So women should be watchful of any lumps in breast by self testing regularly and report if anything is found abnormal.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87359
A lump is a sign = symptom. Go to your doctor.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87764
In young adults the ONLY symptom may be an odd lump or bump located on the body. In the early stages cancer is asymptomatic . . you will not have any pain or any symptoms . . that is why it is so deadly. By the time you do experience any symptoms than the cancer is advanced. No one here can really tell you what this little lump is on your breast. You need to be clinically examined . . probably immediately. The good news is that it hasn t grown and if it is malignant it can be removed quickly . . the bad news is that if this is cancer there could be more undetected lumps making treatment more difficult   . . so, even if this is a benign growth you need to be examined to find out exactly what you are dealing with.My son was in high school, athletic, never been sick a day in his life and within a few months he suddenly had a rare abdominal sarcoma. We had no warning whatsoever. He had had a complete physical in December and by March he had multiple tumors and advanced cancer. His disease doubled in two months. He was working weekends, playing basketball, and going to school a few weeks before diagnosis. No one expected it.Go to a doctor. Do not wait. Best to you. I hope it turns out benign.

QUESTION ID: OWYN567EZ3T2WXG
QUESTION SUBJECT: I am writing a research paper. My topic is why people choose not to use condoms. Why?
QUESTION CONTENT: If 1in 4 Americans has an STD, why don t people use them?!!I m having a hard time finding stuff on the web, so even some search tips will help. Does anyone know any good statistic websites?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 10183
This story is out of London, but I assume the reasons for the US are similar:http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/15545100/One with statistics from Africa:http://www.global-campaign.org/clientfiles/LSHTM-Condom.pdfNot sure where this is from, but you can check:http://news.softpedia.com/news/Why-Do-Men-Do-not-Use-Condoms-72191.shtml
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9098
I surfaced the web on your subject.  First let me say that you have an interesting topic.  You should narrow it down. If noticed some of the cites that are provided there are other reasons for not using a condom ie...religious beliefs, other birth control methods,   good luckSLVHD HIV OutreachPeople can choose not to use drugs. People can choose not to have sex- abstinence. ... Do not use condoms that contain Non-oxaynol nine. ...www.slvhealth.org/hiv/hivinfo.html Using Condoms, Condom Types&Condom SizesHowever, outside of the laboratory condoms are less effective because people do not always use condoms properly. To find out more about the effectiveness of ...www.avert.org/usecond.htm  How to Use a Male CondomIf a condom is not used, HIV or other disease-causing germs can pass easily ... Some people choose to use a backup birth control method in case the condom ...www.healthatoz.com/.../common/standard/transform.jsp?requestURI=/healthatoz/Atoz/dc/caz/repr/stds/stdhow.jsp Adolescent AIDS Program: HIV and U???My partner and I don???t sleep around, we trust each other, so we don???t need to use condoms any more.??? Many people feel they???re not at risk for HIV or other ...www.adolescentaids.org/youth/hiv_u.html Motivations for condom use and nonuse Clinical Laboratory Science ...For example, a person may choose to use a condom with one partner because the partner insists, and may choose not to use a condom with another partner ...findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_qa3890/is_200301/ai_n9233880/pg_2 Facts about AIDSFACT: People infected with HIV may look and feel healthy for a long time ... You can choose to use condoms even if you have not used condoms before. ...www.ziplink.net/~glen/compaqplus/rc_info.html why use condoms?How to put on a condom Why use condoms ... as men buy and carry condoms. And many people use them ... being is not worth your sexual involvement. Benefits of Condom Usewww.feelconfident.co.uk/condoms/why_use_condoms.htmSafe Sex... use a condom correctly. Be clear about the reasons why you want to use a condom ... Often people in a relationship choose not to use condoms. If you are in a regular relationship with ... www.health.nsw.gov.au/sexualhealth/staysafe.html FRONTLINE/WORLD . Rough Cut . Uganda: The Condom Controversy | PBS... MUST use a condom. I don t know why we can t have both! So that the abstinence people ... or not people choose to ... young people, I do not hesitate to insist on the use of condoms ... www.pbs.org/frontlineworld/rough/2007/07/uganda_the_cond.htmlSTD s and Condoms... you understand why it s important to use condoms ... That s why some people think ... you should choose to NOT have sex at all. But if you do have sex, be sure to use a condom that ... www.fhma.com/stds_and_condoms.htmCondoms  Reason: I don t use condoms. Answer: OK. Then let s think of ways we can ... Once you ve both agreed to use condoms, do something positive ...www.menstuff.org/issues/byissue/condoms.html Allstocks.com s Bulletin Board: Bush - Do Not Use Condoms ... safe! My advice to young people is to not have sex, or to use condoms, at least. Teenage boys are more likely to have sex ...www.allstocks.com/stockmessageboard/ubb/ultimatebb.php/Catholic Church says it s not right to use condoms to fight AIDS. ...  Catholic Church says it s not right to use condoms to fight AIDS. ... all and end all for their life, but for right now, I m not one of ...reddit.com/info/22nwb/comments/c2321y Learning why some people just choose to NOT answer!! chat&forums.  Thread: Learning why some people just choose to NOT answer!! ... Islamic people are not the most tolerated at the best of times, never mind ...forums.plentyoffish.com/usermessages.aspx?user_Id=16274..AIDS/HIV: Preventing HIV infection  Some people choose not to use condoms in this situation. However, this is only a reliable way of avoiding HIV infection if you know that ...www.urban75.com/Health/hiv_infec.htmlCondom Brochure, FDA OSHI HIV STDsThat s why some people think that other forms of birth ... yourself or your partner, you should choose to not have sex at all. But if you do have sex, be sure to use a condom ...www.fda.gov/oashi/aids/condom.htmlAdolescent AIDS Program: HIV and U?My partner and I don?t sleep around, we trust each other, so we don?t need to use condoms any more.? Many people feel they?re not at risk for HIV or other ...www.adolescentaids.org/youth/hiv_u.html  [Found on Google, Yahoo! Search]why use condoms?How to put on a condom Why use condoms ... as men buy and carry condoms. And many people use them ... being is not worth your sexual involvement. Benefits of Condom Usewww.feelconfident.co.uk/condoms/why_use_condoms.htmThe use of condoms in the presence of HIV risk: the role of economic ...... that the use of latex condoms reduces the transmission of HIV during sexual intercourse. Many people, however, choose to not use condoms ...www.popline.org/docs/1146/114191.html  [Found on Ask.com]good luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9099
Because they have the LACKS!Lack of maturityLack of responsibilityLack of Good judgementLack of moralityhttp://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/15545100Menstuff?? has compiled information on the issue of Condoms.http://www.menstuff.org/issues/byissue/condoms.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53987
feels better with out one i guess i always use one so i dont know but i heard it feels better well i rather stay in the safe side!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53988
Men are basically selfish and lazy when it comes to this subject (guys don t throw eggs at me, you know I am right) and then try to convince their partners it s ok.Women (the voice of reason usually) need to be strong and insist BEFORE any encounter takes place that either you ve got it or hit the road. Better yet, be more responsible with your bodies, sleeping around is the reason these STD s are world wide.If people were more mature and responsible, their use protection if they can t control their urges.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53989
http://www.transport.gov.za/comm-centre/aids/report/sld018.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 58266
It mostly has to do with people acting out of passion and not out of responsibility.  Lust not love...  Google it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 58267
STUPIDITY!!!!!!!!>>>>>>>>>>>>WHAT ELSE COULD IT BE.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 58268
I don t use them because I have been fixed,(vasectomy) and I have a death wish to die in an asylum for sexual transmitted diseases.

QUESTION ID: OY4LQTKC5OR06QG
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do doctors have such an obsession with cholestorol counts?
QUESTION CONTENT: It s been proven over and over again to be a poor predictor of heart disease. Other markers such as C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, homocystine and lipoprotein are given more weight by some physicians but they are shouted down by the crowd. Why?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 19352
Because  The SCIENTIFICALLY   UNFOUNDED Cholesterol Theory of Coronary Heart Disease  is HUGELY PROFITEABLE, POLITICALLY CORRECT, and researchers HARM  THEIR livelihoods when they speak out against it. (like Kilmer Mc Cully) SOME  doctors know FULL WELL that they are LYING, while others are just misinformed by the massive cholesterol PROPAGANDA  campaign.THE RESEARCH IS  ALL AVAILABLE AT A MEDICAL UNIVERSITY LIBRARY. THE PROBLEM IS JANE AVERAGE DOES NOT LOOK FOR IT.COLPO DUG IT ALL UP AND THOROUGHLY It amazes me how  most persons just do not realize that CLINICAL Dietary Intervention Trials  for the last 50 years have found NO REDUCTION AT ALL  in Coronary Heart Disease mortality from replacing animal fat with polyunsaturated fat.In FACT JUST THE OPPOSITE. In MANY of these 18 CLINICAL  Dietary Intervention Trials to date the persons randomzied to POLYUNSATURATED FAT HAD  SIGNIFICANT INCREASES IN CORONARY HEART DISEASE MORTALITY.  despite lowering their cholesterol agood 23 ml below the  persons randomized to animal fats This fact was CONVIENENTLY MENTIONED IN A THROW AWAY LINE, instead the authors made notes of the impressive cholesterol reduction DESPITE THE FACT THEY HAD 9 DEATHS FROM CORONARY HEART DISEASE IN THE PERSONS RANDOMIZED TO POLYUNSATURATED FAT, while the persons randomized to animal fats had NO DEATHS FROM CORONARY HEART DISEASE. THIS TRIAL WAS THE ANTI-CORONARY CLUB 1966  , ONE OF THE 18 ALL DETAILED IN COLPOS BOOK RESULTS AND ALLTHE PUBLIC CAN NOT BE LIED TO ANYMORE!!!!!!!!IT IS ALL IN COLPOS BOOK A MUST READ - ALL SCIENCE, NO OPINIONSAnthony Colpo has THROUGHLY DEBUNKED  THIS COMPLETE SHAM BY PRINTING OUT ALL THE EVIDENCE ALL 18 CLINICAL and ALL 26 Prospective Trials  for EVERYONE TO SEE. There really is no other book that has ever done thisThe Cholesterol Theory of Coronary  Heart Disease  is  suitable for a CHILDREN S FAIRY TALE STORYwww.thegreatcholesterolcon.comwww.ravnskov.nu/cholesterol.htmANTHONY COLPO AND DR. UFFE RAVNSKOV - HEROES TO MANKINDCONFRONT  your doctor TODAY with COLPO S BOOK IN HAND.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 545
Ok, we, as doctors, are interested in cholesterol counts because they have been shown, time and time again, to correlate with rates of cardiovascular disease, including heart attacks, hospitalization, and mortality rates.  Not only that, but it s been shown in large, controlled trials that lowering levels of LDL cholesterol can reduce cardiac events and mortality.It s really just that simple, we want to know cholesterol levels because it helps us treat patients better, and hopefully, keep people alive and healthy longer.  And the evidence backs that up.Cholesterol levels can be used with framingham study data (which is essentially the foundation of all risk estimation for cardiac events today) to help predict mortality (usually 5 or 10 year mortality).If you don t believe me (and I don t get a penny from the pharmaceutical companies who make statins, though I do prescribe them with some frequency to patients who do not meet goals for LDL levels), just look it up on medline, you will pull up literally thousands of papers on every aspect of cholesterol, cardiac disease risk, and the effect of various reduction studies - more information than you will ever be able to sort through.There are, of course, other markers, though the most important ones you haven t mentioned.  Things like smoking history, and family history.  Homocysteine has fallen out of favor due to many causes, first it s difficult and costly to measure, but mostly because although there is evidence that shows that it does correlate to elevated CVD risk, there is not a shred of evidence that I am aware of that suggests that taking action to lower it decreases the risk, making it far less useful than cholesterol.CRP is another marker that has been shown to be correlated with CVD risk, and has prognostic value in certain settings, but it s unclear what interventions can be taken to lower it and whether that would make any difference.  CRP, by the way, is also very nonspecific, it s a general marker of inflammation, and may be elevated for many reasons.There are several lipoproteins that have been looked at as potential markers, but none have really panned out (yet) as reliable, practical markers, research is ongoing, but I m not sure exactly what you re referring to when you say lipoprotein.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15934
I believe they are so set on it because it was driven into their heads in med school. Also, the drug reps are constantly visiting their offices and pushing their cholesterol lowering medications.  At my last doctor s visit I was excited that my total cholesterol was down to 167.  When the doctor ever told me I need to be on Lipitor because my LDL was 124 I was shocked. After seeing 3 drug reps in his office that day I undestood the reasoning and I will be looking for a new doctor because of this.I think today we have to be our own health advocate and do research. With the internet it is a lot easier to find infoon conditions and medications.  I found so many reasons online why I should not use a cholesterol medication. It s up to us to research and then say no to meds that we think we do not need.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52713
WRONG!The Framingham Heart Study BACKFIRED IN THEIR FACES!READ THE RESERACH. After age 50, 11 % OVERALL  and 14 % CVD DEATH RATE INCREASE  PER 1 ml DROP, DROP IN CHOLESTEROL www.ravnskov.nu/myth8.htmAfter age 50 is when 95 % of all heart attacks  events happen.NO RANDOMIZED TIGHTLY CONTROLLED  CLINICAL TRIAL HAS EVER, EVER  DEMONSTRATED THAT LOWERING LDL LOWERS CORONARY HEART DISEASE MORTALITY.THE TRIALS FOR STATINS THAT WERE SOMEWHAT SUCCESSFUL IN LOWERING CVD MORTALITY NEVER, EVER DEMONSTARTED THAT LDL REDUCTION WAS THE RESPONSIBLE FACTOR!!!!!!!!STATINS HAVE A PLETHORA OF EFFECTS MOST NOTABLY ANTI INFLAMATORY AND ANTI CLOTTING. UNTIL ONE CAN SAY THAT LDL REDUCTION WAS INDEED THE RESPONSIBLE FACTOR ONE HAS NO BUSINESS IN TRYING TO CLAIM LOWER LDL IS BETTER UNLESS OF COURSE ONE HAS A PET THEORY TO DEFENDIN FACT ONE OF THE STATIN TRIALS PROSPER, AND A LARGE JAPANESE OBSERVATIONAL STUDY J-LIT SHOWED L- O- W- E- R CVD RISK AT H I G H E R LDL AND TOTAL CHOLESTEROL LEVELS.ALL OF THE STATIN TRIALS TO DATE ARE ALL PRINTED OUT AND EXPLAINED IN COLOS BOOK. THE PUBLIC CAN NOT BE LIED TO ABOUT THIS EITHER. A L L OF THE STATIN TRIALS . READ ANTHONY COLPOS FORUM T H O R O U G H LY THE ARTICLE THAT SAYS CORDAINS LDL ARTICLE READ IT T H O R O U G H L Y ! EVERYONE HONESTLY READ IT THOROUGHLY !READ THE CORDAIN S LDL ARTICLE ON DIET RESEARCH AND MEDIA  FORUM OF ANTHONY COLPOS FORUM www.lowcarbmuscle.comAND THE ABOVE C SAKAL READ IT T  H  O  R  O  U  G   H  L  Y            FOOL,T   H  O   R  O   U   G   H   L   Y!!!!!!!! Cordain s LDL Article on the research part of COLPOS FORUM asked by RazziP.S. FRAMINGHAM DOES NOT SUPPORT THE CHOLESTEROL THEORY AT ALL POOR, POOR CHOICE AND MORE IMPORTANTLY THAN FRAMINGHAM RESERACH IS THAT ********RANDOMIZED DOUBLE BLINDED CONTROLLED CLINICAL TRIALS HAVE NEVER  DEMONSTRATED ANY BENEFICIAL EFFECT TO SATURATED FAT RESTRICTION OR CHOLESTEROL LOWERINGI DIRECTLY CHALLENGE C SAKAL TO PRODUCE ONE JUST ONE C L I N I C A L TRIAL  THAT HAS EVER SHOWN ANY REDUCTION AT ALL IN CORONARY HEART DISEASE MORTALITY FROM SATURATED FAT RESTRICTION.IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK, ACTUALLY IT IS BECAUSE IT DOES NOT EXIST.COLPO KNOWS IT DOES NOT EXIST AND WILL SHUT HIS SITE DOWN IF YOU CAN PRODUCE EVEN ONE.

QUESTION ID: OYJBAIY5EYH6DCA
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I lose?
QUESTION CONTENT: 20 pounds for the summer and stay motivated?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 39150
Just like your car s gas tank.Put less fuel in it.Run it longer on the same fuel.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3794
Losing weight is a simple equation: if you burn more calories than you eat, the weight will come off. Start off by estimating how many calories you burn each day using the daily calorie needs calculator http://straighthealth.com/pages/tools/caloriecalclb.html  Thiswill give you an idea of how many calories to eat. Healthy weight loss is 1-2 pounds per week. To lose 1 pound per week you need to create a calorie deficit (burn more than you eat) of 500 calories per day. To lose 2 pounds a week, you have to double the deficit to 1000 calories per day. You can achieve this by eating less, exercising more or a combination of both.Beginners Guide to Dieting  - http://straighthealth.com/pages/guides/begdieting.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62074
1) Keep it simple firsthere s 2 articles on eating healthy -http://lose-quick-weight.blogspot.com/2007/08/lose-quick-weight-sensible-ways-to-shed.htmlhttp://diets-and-exercise.blogspot.com/2007/09/take-control-of-your-body-with-healthy.htmlAND steps for fat loss successhttp://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/11/6-steps-to-fat-loss-success-for.html2) Eat steam food, vegetables, fruits, lean meathttp://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/09/lose-10-pound-fast-key-superfoods-you.html3) drink plenty of water and green tea4) Avoid junk food, snacks and soda drinkshere s 5 Foods for Instant Healthier Diet http://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/11/5-foods-for-instant-healthier-diet.html5) have 5-6 healthy meals a day (1 plate size only) to keep the tummysatisfiedIf you re not too sure on how to plan it, try this linkhttp://best.helpme-loseweight.ever.com/6) exercise - combine weights  and interval training.  here s a review link to a worthwhile workout, turbulence traininghttp://www.squidoo.com/turbulencetrainingreviews/http://healthiest.turbulence-training-routine.ever.com/29 exercises you can do at home to burn belly fathttp://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/11/29-exercises-you-can-do-at-home-to-burn.htmlFor abs, read these blogs (great articles on abs) - http://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/09/abdominal-exercises-truth.htmlhttp://www.squidoo.com/thetruthabout-sixpackabs1/and for women after the age of 30http://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/11/how-women-can-get-six-pack-abs-even.htmland learn why crunches is not the answerhttp://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/11/how-to-get-6-pack-abs-without-doing.htmlhttp://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/09/what-is-best-ab-workout-for-belly-fat.htmlFor Thighs and Buttshttp://lose-quick-weight.blogspot.com/2007/11/best-thigh-exercises-for-sexy-thighs.html7)Don t focus on cardio only (it a waste of time!)http://lose-quick-weight.blogspot.com/2007/08/lose-quick-weight-cardio-is-waste-of.html 8)form a support group - invite friends, relatives, parents, partnersto participate in a healthy lifestyle, and keep you accountable.  Thisis important.9) plan to lose weight slowly (1-2 lbs a week), and progressivelyovertime increase yourgoals!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62075
Losing weight has nothing to do with dieting.  Now that should get your attention!  It has everything to do with Math.  You see, if we eat something it contains fuel or calories.  If do not burn the fuel it becomes FAT and we get bigger by the day or shall I say meal.We believe that if we all just focus on walking 10,000 Steps A Day (Thank you Dr. Oz and Oprah) then we are well on our way to a healthy happy and long life.  By a pedometer and you will have a coach in your pocket to drive you to lose the 20 lbs and then some.  As long as you have a deficit every day, in other words, burn more than you consume then your body will reach a healthy state.Now this does not mean to go out and buy gallons of ice cream and then work it off in a frenzy either!.   Eat the rainbow which means, find the colors in veggies and fruits and try to eat Six small meals a day.In fact, eat your largest meal (calories) for breakfast and your smallest meal for Dinner.  Why you ask?  Because Dinner leaves you about 2-3 hrs to burn off the FUEL.  Breakfast has all day.Enjoy the tip and check us out!

QUESTION ID: P0DP6H67W06XAKR
QUESTION SUBJECT: What is the essence of the Existentialist philosophy and how can I (an atheist) incorporate it in daily lfe?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 24176
that s funnier than you know... essence of existential... essence and existence are opposing notions in Sartre and Heidegger... Another funny... you re an atheist, yet you seek dogmatic instruction for your daily life. If you are having trouble finding ways to live atheistically, my friend, join a religion. Existentialism is not a religion. It is not a code of ethics. It is not a manual for how to live your daily life.You seek answers... I suggest you re-think your questions first.But existentialism in a nutshell can be looked at as follows... Of course, every supposed existential philosopher except for Sartre DENIED they were existentialist. There really is no such movement in philosophy. and there are no common ties between the existential authors other than the following...Imagine this... a picture on a wall. The frame holds the canvas squarely. In the foreground of the picture is You. Behind in the background is everyone else, Others. To exist is to standout in the picture of life in the foreground from all Others. All Others define you, as the background defines the foreground in a picture. Your existence is a standing out, an erupture from the backdrop of the world. Existence comes from the greek ek stasis. ek = not, stasis = static or still. To exist is to NOT be still. to move. stand out. Its cute and funny and ecstasy also comes from this same greek root word. To the Greek s exist and ecstasy were one and the same.So, the essence of existentialism, is erupt in pleasure from the boring still life of the world behind you, the same world that defines you, separates you from all others.Of course, the key is HOW. And each existential writer has their own idea. And the point is though, in my opinion, to find your own way to stand out, your own way to erupt and come out on the world.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 75481
Since you asked the question, it is clearly seen that you are searching for answers as to why you are even here. Philosophical existentialism is a theory that stresses the individual s responsibility for making himself what he is.The problem is that you did not make yourself. You will never be happy, have a clear understanding or find your true meaning until you believe that there is a God. That God (Jehovah/Yahweh) created you and sustains you everyday. It is He who will help you realize what you are to become.Don t get confused with believing that you blow air into your lungs. If everyone believed like you do then no one would die. We would simply fill our lungs with air and keep breathing.

QUESTION ID: P0UWWE87UUIJ458
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why global warming can cause ice-age like the movie The Day After depicted?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73288
Global warmingFrom Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can editJump to: navigation, search Global mean surface temperatures 1856 to 2004 Mean temperature anomalies during the period 1995 to 2004 with respect to the average temperatures from 1940 to 1980Global warming is an increase in the average temperature of the Earth s atmosphere and oceans. The term is also used for the more specific scientific theory of anthropogenic global warming, which states that much of the recent observed (and projected) global warming is human-induced and the result of a strengthened greenhouse effect caused by man-made increases in carbon dioxide (through the burning of fossil fuels and deforestation) and other greenhouse gases. The natural greenhouse effect keeps the Earth 30 ??C warmer than it otherwise would be; adding carbon dioxide to an atmosphere, with no other changes, will make a planet s surface warmer. Current research tries to uncover more details, e.g. about positive and negative feedback mechanisms, to allow a more precise quantification of the effects of global warming.Temperature change is just one aspect of the broader subject of (human-induced) climate change. The scientific opinion on climate change, as expressed by the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and explicitly endorsed by the national science academies of the G8 nations, is that the average global temperature has risen 0.6 ?? 0.2 ??C since the late 19th century, and that most of the warming observed over the last 50 years is attributable to human activities . A small minority of qualified scientists contest the view that humanity s actions have played a significant role in increasing recent temperatures. Uncertainties do exist regarding how much climate change should be expected in the future, and a hotly contested political and public debate exists over what actions, if any, should be taken in light of global warming.Based on basic science, observational sensitivity studies, and the climate models referenced by the IPCC, temperatures may increase by 1.4 to 5.8 ??C between 1990 and 2100 [1]. This is expected to result in other climate changes including rises in sea level and changes in the amount and pattern of precipitation. Such changes may increase extreme weather events such as floods, droughts, heat waves, and hurricanes, change agricultural yields, or contribute to biological extinctions. Although warming is expected to affect the frequency and magnitude of these events, it is very difficult to connect any particular event to global warming.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21937
Basically, the temperatures we experience along the northern Atlantic are a lot warmer than they are in other regions at the same latitude. The reason for this is the so-called gulf stream, which relies on cold, heavy salt water to sink down off the coasts of Svalbard and Greenland, and to well up again (centuries later, but continuously) near the equator, warmed up.Cold water is heavier than warm water, so the pump ought to work fine. Unfortunately, salt water is heavier than sweetwater.One effect of global warming is the melting of arctic and glacial ice. The resulting water mixes with the ocean water only slowly and stays relatively sweet . (Inland seas like the Baltic or Black Sea have distinct layers of heavy salt water in their deeps covered by stable layers of sweetwater for millennia.)This troubles our pump : the meltoff forms a layer of less salty water which, while cooled down, isn t heavy enough to sink down to the ocean bottom. The pressure which causes the upwelling at the equator is reduced. As a result, less warm water is transported north.This ought to cool down the north. And it does. But remember the less salty water? When temperatures get low enough, this will freeze over vast parts of the northern Atlantic which used to be open sea.Come next spring, the sunlight falling on this region won t encounter a fairly dark ocean surface, but reflective ice. It will take some time to melt the ice with less energy retained.The ice will melt, finally, and spread the layer of less salty water even further south. Come next winter, the ice shelf will have migrated further south, and the summer border of the shelf ice may wander south, too, until a new equilibrium is reached.Geologists have measured the course of prior ice ages by measuring the amount of CO2 isotopes in water, either taken up by small shells on the ocean bottom or frozen in ice cores. The ratio of heavy to light CO2 molecules dissolved in water varies with the water temperature at the time the CO2 gets dissolved. Knowing the ratio and the sequence of sedimentation, average surface water temperatures can be calculated for pretty short time slices (as geological time slices go).The studies showed that the temperatures in the ice ages varied strongly over periods of 50 years or so. Getting the entire effect in a single spring will happen only in Hollywood, but within two or three human generations, anything is possible.

QUESTION ID: P14LWX82DOXSXNE
QUESTION SUBJECT: Does anyone know how incredably awsome it is going to be when the Seahawks win the Super Bowl?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77316
YES I DO !!! I ve been a fan for a very LONG time. I live in New England and am a fan of the Patriots. But, Seattle has been my team for the past 15 years. I ve been flying their colors and living with the highs&lows of the team. It would be excellent to have that form of validation as a fan. To be a fan of a Super Bowl winning team. I feel bad for Indy. I was looking forward to a great showdown. GO HAWKS !!! I did get to go see my first NFL game last year. Seahawks @ the Patriots. The Hawks lost. But what an experience.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70733
yes
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77317
Oh man, oh man, oh man.  If Carolina beats the Bears, what an upset that will be.  I don t think they could manage two in two weeks. What happened to Indy?  Owww...the feelings of being a kicker must really suck.GO SEAHAWKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~~~~~~~~~~~~~They re going all the way~~~~~~~~~~~~~
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77318
I fear that the people in Steel City will be the ones ranting on everyone else as the Steelers will be victorious in Detroit...

QUESTION ID: P7AZHP26EJKHPSF
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does a electric eel shock?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77074
The electric eel generates its characteristic electrical pulse in a manner similar to a battery, in which stacked plates produce an electrical charge. In the electric eel, some 5,000 to 6,000 stacked electroplaques are capable of producing a shock at up to 500 volts and 1 ampere of current (500 watts). There are reports of animals producing larger voltages, but the typical output is sufficient to stun or deter virtually any other animal. Juveniles produce smaller voltages (about 100 volts). Electric eels are capable of varying the intensity of the electrical discharge, using lower discharges for hunting and higher intensities are used for stunning prey, or defending themselves. When agitated, it is capable of producing these intermittent electrical shocks over a period of at least an hour without signs of tiring though the exact mechanism remains largely unknown.For more information on the electric eel, visit:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electric_eel
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77075
Like all electric fish, electric eels use the production and sensing of weak electrical signals for navigation and for social communication with other electric eels in dark or murky waters.   The fish have small eyes and poor eyesight, which worsens as the fish ages.  The electrical sensors are a modification of the lateral line, a row of pits that fish usually use as pressure sensorsThe electric eel is different from other electric fish in its ability to generate a stunning or even a killing electrical discharge.  The electric eel can produce up to 600V in a single dischange -- this is 5 times the shock you would get from sticking your finger into an electrical socket.  the electric eel the energy to recharge the electric organ comes from the fish smetabolism.  A discharge from an electric eel can kill the small fish that are its primary food, but electric eels can also shock potential predators.  A touch from the electric eel s tail can effectively disable a human or a large animal with a stunning shock, although a single discharge is usually not enough to kill.   However repeated shocks could kill, and falling over in the water after a disabling discharge could result in drowning.  An electric eel would NOT make a good pet!  Electric eels are air-breathing fish that use vascular folds in the lining of the mouth for absorbing oxygen.  Air is taken in through the mouth and out through the gill slits.  If you watch the fish in the Record Aquarium for a few minutes, you will see it rise to the surface to breath.  Nearly 80% of the oxygen used by the fish is taken in this way.

QUESTION ID: P7JT73K3CDCLUZM
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i solve these equations by using the substitution method?
QUESTION CONTENT: 1. x + y =-4    x - y = 22. x + y = 10     y = x + 8  3. 3x + y = 5     4x - 7y = -10 4. y - 2x = -5     3y - x = 5
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2624
solve one equation for one of the varibles and sub it into the other equation1) x = y+2(y+2) + y = -42y = -6y = -3Then just use that in either equation and solve for xx - 3 = - 4x = -12) x + (x+8) = 102x = 2 x = 1y = 1 + 8 = 93) y = 5 - 3x4x - 7*(5-3x) = -104x - 35 + 21x = -1025x = 25x = 13*1 + y = 5y = 24) y = 2x - 53*(2x-5) - x = 56x - 15 - x = 55x = 20x = 4y = 2*4 - 5 = 3
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2625
1)x=-4-y    you put these into the second equation      x-y=2   (-4-y)-y=2   -4-2y=2    y=-3  x=-12)you can solve like this  x+y+x-y=-4+2  2x=-2   x=-1      y=-3

QUESTION ID: PA83XN03W7K7CTM
QUESTION SUBJECT: If there are infinite stars why don t we see the whole sky glowing in the night?
QUESTION CONTENT: The light may dim with distance from which its coming But how feeble may be infinite of them should make a cumulative effect of the glowing sky.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74526
The main reason is dust in space that absorbs the light.  For instance, we are in a great big spiral galaxy.  Generally, if you look at a spiral galaxy, you see an immense, bright core.  So why don t we see such a core?  It s because of the dust.  The core, if visible, should be right around the constellation of Sagitarius.  But since there s so much dust in the plane of the galaxy, we can t see it in the invisible spectrum.  Astronomers have managed to infer the direction of the center of the galaxy by looking for a type of light (21 cm radiation) that is regualrly produced by astronomical phenomena, and which has an ability to pass more easily through the clouds of dust in space.  By gauging the direction of most of this radiation, they can infer that the bulk of the galaxy is in the direction of Sagitarius.And really, there is light coming from all directions, but most of it isn t in the visible range.  Cosmologists have found what is refered to as the 3K (three degrees Kelvin--a very cold temperature) radiation background that exists in direction.  This is seen not as the product of stars, but as a remnant of the big bang.But most importantly, there are not really infinite stars.  The universe, though boundless, is not truly infinite.  There are some mathematical oddities that you find when you try to deal with the infinite and the boundless.  For instance, there are an infinite number of poritive integers, and there are an infinite number of irrational numbers between 0 and 1.  As odd as it seems, there are actually more irrational numbers between 0 and 1 (what my math professor called the uncountably infinite ) than there are positive integers (so-called countably infinite ).  Due to the relativity of simultneity shown by Einstein, one cannot exactlt quantify the total number of stars in the universe at a given point in time, because an observer moving at a different speed and looking at that moment in time would disagree as to which stars had already exploded or not, and which stars had already formed or not.  So while you can really make a definitive statement as to the number of stars, the number is not really infinite in the general sense of the word, as neither is the universe truly infinite.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12538
Not necessarily. There is an infinite number of stars, but space containing them is much larger, so they aren t close to one another.Plus, by the time the light from one star reaches Earth, it is possible for that star to have already died. For example, the Sun s light reaches Earth after a few minutes of travelling through space. Imagine how long light from another galaxy would have to travel. Then you have the Earth s atmosphere, which filtrates some radiations, including some light, and reflects it back (just like the moon - you see it because it reflects the Sun s light).

QUESTION ID: PAPE8ZR22KSIWET
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is the temperature and pressure maintained in the Haber s process?
QUESTION CONTENT: In the reaction chamber, the optimum temperature is around 400 centigrade and at a pressure of 200 atmospheres.but how is this maintained...what are he machines or substances required to maintain this temperature.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2697
The Haber process is a continuous process, in which the product ammonia is constantly removed.  That helps to drive the reaction, but it also means that the pressure needs to be maintained, by adding more moles of reactant gas...  you just have a constant feed of gases into the reactor at the right pressures to keep up with the removal of NH3 molecules.  Temperature is maintained the same way you maintain temperature for anything...  you heat the vessel.PS... I just found a useful site online.  Nice animation and explanation of how it s done.  See:http://www.patana.ac.th/parents/curriculum/chemistry/units/LR1701.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2698
At least when I was in college [ChE]ammonia synthesis was done at far higher pressures, 1,000 atm and up - some were at 2k atm. As I recall, the synthesis of ammonia is exothermic, so the reaction will self-heat. Pressure will be maintained by injecting new reactants, using some serious compressors.An interesting semi-related factoid: while in usual experience gases cool when allowed to expand from pressure, this is not always the case. For every gas there is a temperature, the Joule-Thompson Inversion Temperature, above which the expanding gas gets *hotter*. For hydrogen, the JTIT is fairly low. A hydrogen leak from about 8,000 psi  and up [at RT]will heat enough to autoignite. I have seen this numerous times when a rupture disc on 15,000 psi H2 lines would blow. Since hydrogen flames are pale blue, nearly invisible, they can be hard to find. An ammonia plant having lots of high pressure hydrogen piping, finding leaks is important. The way this is [or at lease used to be]done is to walk along holding an old straw broom with its bristles against the pipe; when the broom meets the leak it bursts into flames. This was also used to scare the bejabbers out of new operators....
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2699
The reaction is carried out under conditions of 150-200 atmospheres (atm), 450-500 ??C; resulting in a yield of 10-20%:N2(g) + 3H2(g) ??? 2NH3(g) ??Ho = -92.4 kJ/mol (Where ??Ho is the standard heat of reaction or standard enthalpy change)These conditions are chosen due to the high reaction rate which they foster despite the poor relative amount of ammonia produced. The pressure of  150-200 atom. is created by means of circulation pump which uses the feed gases as pressurising medium. The temperature is attained by using a reactor .

QUESTION ID: PAWPR5X8CNYXAV7
QUESTION SUBJECT: How Can i tell a girl that i love her in a Love poem, By a FAMOUS POET!?
QUESTION CONTENT: HELP or where can i find GOOD ROMANTIC LOVE POEMS. by famous poets. please help
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2991
MY LOVE FOR YOU Robert Kyle Newton My Love for you surpasses all the beauties of the world, The rivers that run deep, deeper does my love run, The clouds up in the sky, higher does my love rise, The oceans and lands far and wide, farther does my love reach, My love for you surpasses my own feelings, Hurt I might be to see you walk away from me, But the joys to see you happy, shall take it all away from me, Cry as I might not to have you, Harder shall I cry to see you hurt, My love for you surpasses all of these, My love for you surpasses me. Love Sonnet XI -- Pablo NerudaI crave your mouth, your voice, your hair.Silent and starving, I prowl through the streets.Bread does not nourish me, dawn disrupts me, all dayI hunt for the liquid measure of your steps.I hunger for your sleek laugh,your hands the color of a savage harvest,hunger for the pale stones of your fingernails,I want to eat your skin like a whole almond.I want to eat the sunbeam flaring in your lovely body,the sovereign nose of your arrogant face,I want to eat the fleeting shade of your lashes,and I pace around hungry, sniffing the twilight,hunting for you, for your hot heart,like a puma in the barrens of Quitratue.EE Cummings - i carry your hearti carry your heart with me(i carry it inmy heart)i am never without it(anywherei go you go,my dear;and whatever is doneby only me is your doing,my darling)i fear no fate(for you are my fate,my sweet)i wantno world(for beautiful you are my world,my true)and it s you are whatever a moon has always meant and whatever a sun will always sing is youhere is the deepest secret nobody knows(here is the root of the root and the bud of the budand the sky of the sky of a tree called life;which growshigher than soul can hope or mind can hide)and this is the wonder that s keeping the stars aparti carry your heart(i carry it in my heart)All Because of You Kate Reneigh Woodruff I awake each day with a smileAnd greet it with a laugh;The world is a treasure to meBecause of you.Every time I think of something sad,I replace the thought- with you!My mind is instantly changedAnd my heart is filled with gladness.Every breath I take is meant for you,I live this life surrounded in joyAnd I bathe in the promise of your love,My soul belongs to you.Each time I see something beautifulI want to take it and bring it to you;My life has so much meaning nowAll because of you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2992
Come live with me and be my love by Christopher MarloweCome live with me and be my love, And we will all the pleasures prove That valleys, groves, hills, and fields, Woods or steepy mountain yields. And we will sit upon the rocks, Seeing the shepherds feed their flocks, By shallow rivers to whose falls Melodious birds sing madrigals. And I will make thee beds of roses And a thousand fragrant posies, A cap of flowers, and a kirtle Embroidered all with leaves of myrtle; A gown made of the finest wool Which from our pretty lambs we pull; Fair lined slippers for the cold, With buckles of th purest gold; A belt of straw and ivy buds, With coral clasps and amber studs: And if these pleasures may thee move, Come live with me and be my love. .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68730
I think you should write your own poemPersonally, i think poems are corny.

QUESTION ID: PB0X5KO3OL76QBS
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you know you are in atrial fibileration.?
QUESTION CONTENT: When i sleep i jolt everytime and it wakes me up.  I don t know why that happens.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82034
Atrial fibrillation, a type of irregular heart rhythm (arrhythmia), is a common condition, especially among older people.Normally, your heart beats in a regular and timed way. In atrial fibrillation, abnormal electrical signals cause the upper parts of the heart called the atria to quiver, or fibrillate. A fibrillating heart may not pump out as much blood as a normal heart.Atrial fibrillation also increases your risk for strokes. Symptoms of atrial fibrillation include:    * Heart palpitations.    * Irregular pulse.    * Shortness of breath, especially during physical activity or emotional stress.    * Weakness, fatigue.    * Dizziness, confusion.    * Lightheadedness or fainting (syncope).    * Chest pain (angina).Atrial fibrillation is often discovered during routine medical checkups, because many people do not have symptoms. Others may notice an irregular pulse but do not have other symptoms.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89252
The fire department Para medic will tell you. Your sleeping problem is probably from somthing else.  Ask a real Doctor not us !!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89253
Do you mean Atrial Fibrillation / Flutter ?SymptomsSensation of feeling heart beat (palpitations) Pulse may feel rapid, racing, pounding, fluttering, or it can feel too slow Pulse may feel regular or irregular Dizziness, light-headedness Fainting Confusion Fatigue Shortness of breath Breathing difficulty, lying down Sensation of tightness in the chest Note: Symptoms may begin and/or stop suddenlyPlease see the webpage for more details on Atrial Fibrillation. Please take Electrocardiograph (ECG) and consult a cardiologist.

QUESTION ID: PDIZ52IE7XOZMN7
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does taxol worth? (see details)?
QUESTION CONTENT: There s something in my science textbook about Taxol, a substance taken from the bark of some sorta yew tree yadda yadda yadda, and it s given to cancer patient. It supposedly creates a sort of cage around cancer cells to stop them from reproducing, and reduces tumors this way. I thought a tumor was a mass of cancer cells that formed together. Does the taxol cage form around the whole tumor or individual cancer cells? But if taxol just stops the cells from reproducing, how does it make a mass of them smaller, or how does it form around every tumor cell if it s one big mass? Am I wrong about everything here, or have I just forgotten one thing? Is this just a big deal about a simple answer? Please reply if you know, I m very confused over here!Why did I write worth? I meant work . I was listening to TV and I m very bad at multitasking, so I probably heard worth and typed that instead.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73756
Taxol is a new concept in the treatment of cancer because it acts on the microtubules found in cells, whereas earlier anti cancer drugs act on the DNA of the cancer cells. Microtubules  are responsible for keeping the shape of the cell by forming a structure called the cytoskeleton. They are also involved in controlling the positions of chromosomes during cell division.Molecules of a cellular protein called tubulin link together to form microtubules, but in the presence of Taxol, these microtubules are shorter than normal and very stable. Due to this, the microtubules cannot carry out their function during cell division. The cell becomes congested with these microtubules and therefore the cycle of cell division (mitosis) is disrupted and cell death occurs.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8138
The mechanism through which Taxol and other taxanes achieve their antitumour activity is unique. Virtually all cells replicate using mitosis. Taxol inhibits this by binding to a protein called tubulin in cells resulting in the formation of stable, non-functional microtubule bundles (Crown et al, 2000). These are normally essential in mitosis, and so, because of the actions of Taxol, cells would be unable to replicate. The drug is targeted at tumour cells but also affects other cells of the body. Taxanes are also found to induce apoptosis, a process through which cells die in a controlled manner, and may also have anti-angiogenic properties, useful as it prevents a blood supply forming to the site of the cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22407
Taxol or paclitaxel interferes with the normal function of microtubule growth. It arrests their function by hyper-stabilizing their structure. This destroys the cell s ability to use its cytoskeleton in a flexible manner. Specifically, paclitaxel binds to the ?? subunit of tubulin. Tubulin is the building block of mictotubules, and the binding of paclitxel locks these building blocks in place. The resulting microtubule/paclitaxel complex does not have the ability to disassemble. This adversely affects cell function because the shortening and lengthening of microtubules (termed dynamic instability) is necessary for their function as a transportation highway for the cell.

QUESTION ID: PEB8614HPTIGPMW
QUESTION SUBJECT: I d like a range of how much it would cost for chemotherapy?
QUESTION CONTENT: If you don t know anything about it please do not try and guess.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86151
I am not trying to give answer on mere GUESSING. Firstly the information given by you is not sufficient to tell you to cost. The cost depends on very many factors as there are more than 100 types of Cancer, in different part of the body etc., and further there are about 170 types of drugs available. The Oncologist will select a single drug or combination of drugs for the treatment subject to the type of cancer. Secondly it depends on the number of cycles given and for number of days. Most of the drugs are given with IV fluids and some are available in capsule, tablet form and all depends on the stage and grade of the disease, age,  general health condition of the patient and various tests like blood counts etc. Thirdly, the cost depends on the Country and the doctor and hospital preferred to treat. To give an assessment of the cost all these are required. For my wife a patient of Cervical Cancer Stage IIIB, 2 cycles of 4 days of some combination of drugs were given in a moderate type of hospital and I availed certain concessions. Even then I had to spend slightly over Rupees 1.20 lacs in Bangalore in India (Equivalent to US $ 3000)Best thing would be to enquire at local hospital and your Oncologist.  Anyway please treat the disease fully as CANCER IS STILL AN ENIGMA..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10811
ok my mom had 5 months of chemo which was 32 rounds for her and her bill was 77 thousand dollars that was the chemo before surgery after she had surgery she is going to have 6 months more of chemo but she now has tenncare  price is different in every state we are in tennessee
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41041
The low end of the range is less than $100.  Yes  I am not kidding, this is no joke.  I have been cured and another person is currently doing the same.  You can buy the chemotherapy drug at your local food store.  Oh sorry, that is two other people are currently doing it.http://geocities.com/cure.cancer/
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41042
Chemo is wildly expensive.  It depends on the drug.  If you don t have insurance or public aid, check with the local American Cancer Society to see what resources are available in your area.  No one should go without treatment.Best wishes
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53902
Chemotherapy refers to a multitude of different drugs used for various types of cancer. Sometimes the chemotherapy is given by single drug or sometimes in combinations. Chemotherapy is also given according to stage of cancer and may require only a few treatments, while some cancer treatments can go for months. Dosage is also important and associated with costs. So, at the most we can all give you a basic idea of what it might cost.My son received high dose chemotherapy as an inpatient for 9 months when first diagnosed. He later had low dose chemo at home. So, this is just a general idea. He is covered by insurance from Anthem and by our states Children with Special Health Needs.For 5 days of inpatient total cost was $54,199.He had Etoposide and Ifosimide total cost was:$45,095.He has been under treatment for 2 years at a cost of almost $1 million dollars. Our insurance fortunately has covered nearly all of it, but we still struggle with costs not covered such as loss of wages due to caring for him, lodging, food, and travel expenses. Cancer is extremely costly not only monetarily, but emotionally. Any spare dollars you have goes into taking care of remaining needs not covered by insurance (co-pays can be enormous and if insurance determines that something is medically unnecessary they can deny benefits). It is extremely hard, but worth the effort. Life is priceless.Lists of individual chemotherapy drugs:http://www.cancerbackup.org.uk/Treatments/Chemotherapy/IndividualdrugsMedlinePlus: Chemotherapyhttp://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/cancerchemotherapy.html

QUESTION ID: PEVLFSVGFMPMZCZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how would you find the derivative of y if  e^(xy)=x+y?
QUESTION CONTENT: how would you find the derivative of y if  e^(xy)=x+yi m stuck...please help :)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4036
This sounds like a problem begging for implicit differentiation.  We therefore differentiate both sides with respect to x:d(e^(xy))/dx= e^(xy) * d(xy)/dx (chain rule)= e^(xy) * [dx/dx*y + x*dy/dx](product rule)= e^(xy) * (y + x*dy/dx) (simplification)d(x + y)/dx = dx/dx + dy/dx (addition rule)= 1 + dy/dxNow combine the two, changing the dy/dx notation to y for convenience and solving for y :e^(xy) * (y + xy ) = 1 + y ye^(xy) + xy e^(xy) = 1 + y y (xe^(xy) - 1) = 1 - ye^(xy)y = [1 - ye^(xy)]/ [xe^(xy) - 1]You may try further simplification if required.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4037
xy = ln(x + y)differentiating both sides wrt x,x(dy/dx) + y = ( 1/(x + y) ) (1 + dy/dx )(x+y)(x)(dy/dx) + (x +y)y = (1 + dy/dx )y^2 + xy = ( 1 + dy/dx ) - ( x^2 + xy )( dy/dx )y^2 + xy = (1 - x^2 - xy )(dy/dx)thus, dy/dx = (y^2 + xy)/(1 - x^2 - xy)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4038
d/dx(e^(xy)) = d/dx(x+y)[e^(xy)]d/dx(xy) = 1 + dy/dx[e^(xy)](y + x dy/dx) = 1 + dy/dxNow solve for dy/dx:(dy/dx)(xe^(xy) - 1) = 1 - ye^(xy)dy/dx = [1 - ye^(xy)]/ [xe^(xy) - 1]

QUESTION ID: PEXRTW72GBUYAL3
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do i get abbs fast?
QUESTION CONTENT: my friends have abbs but im the only one who doesn t have abbs tell me what i can do to get those abbs fast
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6250
Hard work. That is all and dedication. That means working your ass off and being able to resist eating all the bad foods out there such as fast food, junk food, oily foods. Stuff of that sort. Eat well work out your abs hard and do some cardio, a lot of cardio to get those abs. First don t just do one ab work out do many to hit the abdomen from all angles. Do crunches, sit ups, reverse crunches, flutter kicks, look it up on google because there are so many ab work outs out there. Do some weighted ones to, to intensify the exercise. Followed by a lot of cardio such as running or playing basketball, you will have those abs faster or later depending on how hard you work.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6251
absolutely impossible they can take like 3-6months with healthy lifestyle change and like 1-2hours of hardcore training.I m currently working towards losing 10-15 kilos then getting ripped.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6252
lower the body fat and use compound exercises that work on large muscle groups 1) Keep it simple firsthere s 2 articles on eating healthy -http://lose-quick-weight.blogspot.com/2007/08/lose-quick-weight-sensible-ways-to-shed.htmlhttp://diets-and-exercise.blogspot.com/2007/09/take-control-of-your-body-with-healthy.htmlAND steps for fat loss successhttp://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/11/6-steps-to-fat-loss-success-for.html2) Eat steam food, vegetables, fruits, lean meathttp://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/09/lose-10-pound-fast-key-superfoods-you.html3) drink plenty of water and green tea4) Avoid junk food, snacks and soda drinkshere s 5 Foods for Instant Healthier Diet http://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/11/5-foods-for-instant-healthier-diet.html5) have 5-6 healthy meals a day (1 plate size only) to keep the tummysatisfiedIf you re not too sure on how to plan it, try this linkhttp://best.helpme-loseweight.ever.com/6) exercise - combine weights  and interval training.  here s a review link to a worthwhile workout, turbulence traininghttp://www.squidoo.com/turbulencetrainingreviews/http://healthiest.turbulence-training-routine.ever.com/29 exercises you can do at home to burn belly fathttp://bestways-to-losebellyfat.blogspot.com/2007/11/29-exercises-you-can-do-at-home-to-burn.htmlFor abs, read these blogs (great articles on abs) - http://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/09/abdominal-exercises-truth.htmlhttp://www.squidoo.com/thetruthabout-sixpackabs1/and for women after the age of 30http://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/11/how-women-can-get-six-pack-abs-even.htmland learn why crunches is not the answerhttp://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/11/how-to-get-6-pack-abs-without-doing.htmlhttp://thetruthaboutsixpackabs.blogspot.com/2007/09/what-is-best-ab-workout-for-belly-fat.htmlFor Thighs and Buttshttp://lose-quick-weight.blogspot.com/2007/11/best-thigh-exercises-for-sexy-thighs.html7)Don t focus on cardio only (it a waste of time!)http://lose-quick-weight.blogspot.com/2007/08/lose-quick-weight-cardio-is-waste-of.html 8)form a support group - invite friends, relatives, parents, partnersto participate in a healthy lifestyle, and keep you accountable.  Thisis important.9) plan to lose weight slowly (1-2 lbs a week), and progressivelyovertime increase yourgoals!

QUESTION ID: PGA16BD07ZYSFC6
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to socialize?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74782
Find things you are interested in and join groups, clubs and organizations that support those things.If you are interested in getting in shape or working out, join a gym that has team compititions, like tennis, where you will have to be around others working together to participate.If you are really into your business at work, join the Chamber of Commerce and get involved with your community growth, while advertising your name within it.If you are in to politics, keep up on what Senate Bills and House Bills are being issued, and go to their meetings and express your opinions.If you are more interested in your family, there are many school organizations you could be involved in to socialize with other parents with your same concerns, like volunteer coaching, The Parent Teachers Organization, Special Olympics.If you are just into being a homebody who doesn t like to go out much, then maybe you are a specialist on throwing parties and inviting the neighbors over for dinner, or a barbeque.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23502
If you re uncomfortable socializing, inexperienced, or just lousy at it, I suggest observation, and easing into trial and error. The hardest thing about socializing is doing it, the rest you learn as you go. If you have to learn it as an adult, it can be pretty scary because you notice the mistakes you would have forgotten as a child. Start with smiling. Smile at random people and see how many smile back. Then do something a little more daring like complimenting a stranger. As far as larger groups like bars, parties, hobby groups, make comments, say asinine things, and pay attention to reactions. People will let you know your strengths. But ultimately and most of all, don t care too much about what people think, just use the information as a tool. Be yourself and remember that no matter how much scrutiny you think you re under, most people don t pay that much attention.

QUESTION ID: PGC50SWASSV4KLU
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you solve these integration problems?
QUESTION CONTENT: ??? tan^3?? d????? (x) / (sqrt(3-x^4)) dx??? x csc(x) cot(x) dx??? (x) / (x^2-4x-5) dxI spent over 90 minutes trying to do these problems, like using substitution for the first problem, but nothing worked. How should I come about to solving these questions? Thank you for your time!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5766
Ok, here goes.  this is a lot, so please pay attention:Note:  i ll be using S for integral notation:S(tan^3x dx)  ok, so this is a trig integral.  when we have tangents raised to exponents, we also need sec.So, using tan^2x = sec^2x-1, we get:S(tanx*tan^2xdx) = S(tanx(sec^2x-1)dx)  break into individual integralsS(tanx*sec^2x dx) - S(tanx dx)For the first one, let s do a u-sub by saying u = secxdu = secxtanx dxdx = du/secxtanxFor the 2nd one, let s say u = cosxdu = -sinx dxdx = du/(-sinx)Now we have:S(u*secx*tanx*du/(secxtanx)) + S((sinx/u)du/sinx)cancel the terms we canS(u du) + S(du/u)(1/2)u^2 + ln(u) + C(1/2)(secx)^2 + ln(cosx) + COk, 2nd problem:S(x/Sqrt(3-x^4)dx)This is close to arcsin x, so let s try and matchS(x/Sqrt(3(1-(x^2/sqrt(3))^2))dx)  pull out the sqrt(3) from denom(1/sqrt3)S(x/sqrt(1-(x^2/sqrt(3))^2)dx)  now say u = x^2/sqrt3du = 2x/sqrt3 dxdx = sqrt3*du/2xSo,(1/sqrt3)S(x/sqrt(1-u^2)*sqrt3*du/2x)  cancelterms(1/2)S(1/sqrt(1-u^2)du)(1/2)arsin(u) + C(1/2)arcsin(x^2/sqrt3) + CThe fourth problem is:S(x/x^2-4x-5dx)  ok, since the denominator has a degree of one less than numerator, try partial fractions:factor denominatorS(x/((x-5)(x+1))dx)break into partial fractions:x/(x-5)(x+1) = A/(x-5) + B/(x+1)  mutliply by the common denomx = A(x+1) + B(x-5)x = x(A+B) + A - 5Bmatch terms1 = A + B0 = A - 5B5B = A5B + B =16B = 1B = 1/6A = 5/6So, we have the follwoing integrals:S((5/6)/(x-5)dx) + S((1/6)/(x+1)dx)(5/6)ln(x-5) + (1/6)ln(x+1) + C3rd problem:S(x*cscx*cotx)dx  change all them to sinx and cosxS(x*(1/sinx)*(cosx/sinx)dx)S(xcosx/sin^2xdx)use integration by parts:u = xdu = dxdv = cosx/sin^2x dx, to get v, we need to use u-sub hereu = sinxdu = cosx dxdx = du/cosxdv = cosx/(u^2)*du/cosxdv = du/u^2v = -1/uv = -1/sinxSo we get:uv - S(vdu)-x/sinx + S(cscx dx)  using trig tables we get integral of cscx-x/sinx + ln(cscx - cotx) + Cvoila...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65421
for the first one:write tan^3x=sin^3x/cos^3xwrite sin^3x= sinx(1-cos^2x)this gives you two integrals:???sinx/cos^3x dx -???sinx/cos x dxfor the first integral, set u=cos^3x and your integral becomes:-???du/u^3the second integral is just -???sinx/cosx dx = Log[Cos[x]]so the integral for the first one is simply:Log[Cos[x]]+1/2 Sec^2[x]Second one:set u=x^2u^1/2=xdu=2x dx or dx = du/2u^1/2the integral then becomes:???du/Sqrt[3-u^2]= 1/2 ArcSin[u/Sqrt[3]]substituting, back you get:1/2 ArcSin[x^2/&Sqrt[3]]

QUESTION ID: PH74XZ5R4XYRXQU
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78945
this question has been asked 275 times on yahoo answers already.http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result;_ylt=AlmXTwGl3PamiSEkRbNA0gVizKIX?p=sky+bluesee if you can figure it out.  hint:  the correct answer has to do with light scattering in the atmosphers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78946
Does Microsoft have a hand in this? ;-)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78947
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomenamay happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78948
The sky is blue because the nitrogen in the air scatters the blue light out of sunlight. Our sun is a yellow star, so it has slightly yellow light, but it is still pretty close to white light.Sunlight on earth is slightly yellower than it is in space because some of the blue light in sunlight gets scattered out by the presence of nitrogen in the air, making the sky appear blue. So (White light) - (Some Blue light) = (Yellow light)As the sun sets, the sunlight travels through more air, and the nitrogen scatters out more blue light and the sun appears first orange, and then finally red.As the sun starts to set:(White light) - (More Blue light) = (Orange light)and finally as the sun has almost set:(White light) - (Lots of Blue light) = (Red light)

QUESTION ID: PJUOIV8WVHQ010L
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you say good morning in any language?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 71941
Here is Good Morning in 115 languages:Afrikaans  Gooie m??re  Albanian  Mere mengjesi  Amharic  Endermen aderkh  Arabic  Sabah-il-kheir  Armenian  Bari luys  Assyrian  Kedamtookh brikhta  Bamougoum  Oli yah  Basque  Egun on  Belarussian  Dobray ranitsy  Bemba  Mwashibukeni  Bengali  Shu-probhaat  Bisaya  Maayong adlaw  Bulgarian  Dobro utro  Catalan  Bon dia  Cebuano  Maayong buntag!  Chichewa  Mwadzuka bwanji  Chinese: Cantonese  Zou san  Chinese: Hakka  On zoh  Chinese: Mandarin  Zao shang hao  Cornish  Myttin da  Corse  Bun ghjiornu  Creole  Bonzour  Croatian  Dobro jutro  Czech  Dobr?? r??no  Danish  God morgen  Dari  Sob Bakhaer  Divehi  Baajjaveri hedhuneh  Dutch  Goedemorgen  English  Good morning  Eritrean  Haderfum  Esperanto  Bonan matenon  Estonian  Tere hommikut  Etsakor  Naigbia  Fanti  Me ma wo akye  Farsi  Subbakhair  Fijian  Sa Yadra  Finnish  Hyv???? huomenta  Flemish  Goeie morgen  French  Bon matin  Gaelic  Maidin Mhaith  Georgian  Dila mshvidobisa  German  Guten Morgen  Greek  Kali mera  Gujrati  Kem Cho  Hawaiian  Aloha kakahiaka  Hebrew  Boker tov  Hindi  Namaste  Hungarian  Jo reggelt  Icelandic  G??dan daginn  Indonesian  Selamat pagi  Italian  Buon giorno  Japanese  Ohayo gozaimaz  Kannada  Shubhodaya  Kapampangan  Mayap a abak  Kazakh  Kairly Tan  Khmer  Arrun Suo Sdey  Konkani  Dev Tuka Boro Dis Divum  Korean  Annyunghaseyo  Kurdish  Bayanit bash  Laotian  Sabaidee  Latvian  Labrit  Lithuanian  Labas reytas  Lozi  U zuhile  Luganda  Wasuze otyano  Luxembourg  Gudde moien  Macedonian  Dobro utro  Malayalam  Suprabhatham  Malaysian  Selamat pagi  Maltese  G??odwa it-tajba  Manx  Moghrey mie  Maori  Kia ora  Mapuche  Mar??-mar??  Marathi  Suprabhat  Mongolian  ??glouny mend  Navajo  Y?? ??t ????h ab??n??  Ndebele  Livukenjani  Nepali  Nameste  Norwegian  God morgen  Owambo  Wa lalapo  Pashtun  Sahar de pa Khair  Persian  Sob bekhair  Polish  Dzien dobry  Polynesian  Ia ora na  Portuguese  Bom dia  Punjabi  Satsriakhal  Romanian  Buna dimineata  Russian  Dobraye ootra  Rwandese  Oraho  Samoan  Talofa lava  Sanskrit  Suprabhataha  Serbian  Dobro jutro  Shona  Mangwanani  Singhalese  Suba Udesanak Wewa  Slovak  Dobr?? r??no  Somalian  Subax wanaagsan  Sotho  Dumela  Spanish  Buenos dias  Swahili  Habari za asubuhi  Swedish  God morgon  Tagalog  Magandang umaga  Taiwanese  Gau cha  Tamil  Kaalai Vannakkam  Telugu  Suprabhatam  Thai  Aroon-Sawass  Tibetan  Nyado delek  Turkish  G??naydin  Turkmen  Ertiringiz haiyirli bolsun  Ukrainian  Dobri ranok  Urdu  Aadaab  Vietnamese  Xin chao  Welsh  Bore da  Xhosa  Bhota  Yoruba  E karo  Zulu  Sawubona  !Kung san  Tuwa
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8750
Swiss German hasn t been mentioned: Guet Morge.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 19390
Gutten Morgen
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28693
l know three of them.1- good morn??ng engl??sh. 2- gunad??n turk??sh.3- boonsourfrench.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48835
english......good morning
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48836
Kalimara....Greek CyprusGood site here...http://www.elite.net/~runner/jennifers/gmorning.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48837
Big smile and big hug. Works everywhere.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48838
Afrikaans Gooie m??reAlbanian Mere mengjesiAmharic Endermen aderkhArabic Sabah-il-kheirArmenian Bari luysAssyrian Kedamtookh brikhtaBamougoum Oli yahBasque Egun onBelarussian Dobray ranitsyBemba MwashibukeniBengali Shu-probhaatBisaya Maayong adlawBulgarian Dobro utroCatalan Bon diaCebuano Maayong buntag!Chichewa Mwadzuka bwanjiChinese: Cantonese Zou sanChinese: Hakka On zohChinese: Mandarin Zao shang haoCornish Myttin daCorse Bun ghjiornuCreole BonzourCroatian Dobro jutroCzech Dobr?? r??noDanish God morgenDari Sob BakhaerDivehi Baajjaveri hedhunehDutch GoedemorgenEnglish Good morningEritrean HaderfumEsperanto Bonan matenonEstonian Tere hommikutEtsakor NaigbiaFanti Me ma wo akyeFarsi SubbakhairFijian Sa YadraFinnish Hyv???? huomentaFlemish Goeie morgenFrench Bon matinGaelic Maidin MhaithGeorgian Dila mshvidobisaGerman Guten MorgenGreek Kali meraGujrati Kem ChoHawaiian Aloha kakahiakaHebrew Boker tovHindi NamasteHungarian Jo reggeltIcelandic G??dan daginnIndonesian Selamat pagiItalian Buon giornoJapanese Ohayo gozaimazKannada ShubhodayaKapampangan Mayap a abakKazakh Kairly TanKhmer Arrun Suo SdeyKonkani Dev Tuka Boro Dis DivumKorean AnnyunghaseyoKurdish Bayanit bashLaotian SabaideeLatvian LabritLithuanian Labas reytasLozi U zuhileLuganda Wasuze otyanoLuxembourg Gudde moienMacedonian Dobro utroMalayalam SuprabhathamMalaysian Selamat pagiMaltese G??odwa it-tajbaManx Moghrey mieMaori Kia oraMapuche Mar??-mar??Marathi SuprabhatMongolian ??glouny mendNavajo Y?? ??t ????h ab??n??Ndebele LivukenjaniNepali NamesteNorwegian God morgenOwambo Wa lalapoPashtun Sahar de pa KhairPersian Sob bekhairPolish Dzien dobryPolynesian Ia ora naPortuguese Bom diaPunjabi SatsriakhalRomanian Buna dimineataRussian Dobraye ootraRwandese OrahoSamoan Talofa lavaSanskrit SuprabhatahaSerbian Dobro jutroShona MangwananiSinghalese Suba Udesanak WewaSlovak Dobr?? r??noSomalian Subax wanaagsanSotho DumelaSpanish Buenos diasSwahili Habari za asubuhiSwedish God morgonTagalog Magandang umagaTaiwanese Gau chaTamil Kaalai VannakkamTelugu SuprabhatamThai Aroon-SawassTibetan Nyado delekTurkish G??naydinTurkmen Ertiringiz haiyirli bolsunUkrainian Dobri ranokUrdu AadaabVietnamese Xin chaoWelsh Bore daXhosa BhotaYoruba E karoZulu Sawubona!Kung san Tuwa    An addition to this list of oral greetings is Good morning in American Sign Language.    As if all these languages were not enough, what about Good morning in Klingon?!? Just in case you find yourself on the Starship Enterprise, you might like to know that it s maj po  Honest!

QUESTION ID: PJZLPANYDUGQ7G4
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you get your abs to show without dieting?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21885
workout! you dont have to diet to have muscle tone however if there is too much ecess fat covering the stomach area it might not show. this also takes time to do so dont give up in a week. dieting will most likely help your results tho so i would recoment eating healthy and working out esp. in the AM hours this will also help to boost your matabolizm oh and eat brekfast!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21886
well, dieting is esentially what it is.  especially if you already have the abs but the fat covers it.  But, if they dont show well because your abs arent that big, then you can change your excercises.  I will teach you the best stomach excercise in the world.  Not everybody can do it.  Only very strong people.  but, to attempt to do one and not being able to do it is a good start.  I once had a 6 pack doing about 1 minute a day with this.  So, all that crap on tv is bull.  Ive been a kung fu master for 13 years.  You can email me at fudope_7@yahoo.com for pictures of my abs.  But, here goes. First you lay flat on the floor on your stomach.  Then you move your feet into push up position.  Now you will stretch your hands far out.  Make sure that your hands are far out, but they touch teach other.  So, from top to bottom, its your hands, then you, then your feeet.  Now, try to do a pushup in that position.  Keep your back straight.  If you push your body up but your back is bent, you are only doing half the work.  Your body has to be straight.  I used to do as much as I wanted until I got tired.  The very best person did about 30.  I used to do about 50+.  You can do about 10 to 20 of these a night and it will only take you about a minute or two.  After a couple of weeks, you have your 6 pack.  Far better then any stupid gadget you get on  tv.

QUESTION ID: PMUUHNV3Y86VFEO
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can you mend a devasted heart?
QUESTION CONTENT: wrote and self-published a novel.  I was told by the company I used that they would make sure I had the proper marketing.  However, the company moved to another location and the person they assigned  to  market my book was not open to any of my ideas for the demographic I was trying to reach.. In fact I was todl no one would be interested in my book becasue I wasn t famous.  However, people become famous becasue other pay attention is what I thought.  So now my novel is on four websites and I am spending extra money to find out how I can become a guest on radio talk shows to sell more books.  Meanwhile the publisher refuses to answer any of my questions when it comes to royalties.  And they were paid up-front.I put my life saving into paying for this book and spent seven years writing it.  Can someone help me get my book positively notice without kicking my dreams in the teeth?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74846
Here are my suggestions:(1) You can always use another marketing company I suppose.  (2) Maybe you can type in Google Marketing a Novel and see what comes up.(3)  Maybe you can go to a bookstore and see if they will let you put a stand inside or near the front showcasing your book, for a few days and a few hours where you would be able to also sign the book.  (4) Maybe you can put your book on Ebay and try to sell it that way.  (5) Or you could create your own personal website using Yahoo or Brinkster http://www.brinkster.com/Hosting/Personal.aspx for around $50/year and put your biography and works on there for sale and accept payments through PayPal. Here is a real world example of an author Malcolm Gladwell, author of Blink and The Tipping Point with his own website showcasing his works. http://www.gladwell.com/blink/index.html (6) Or you might be able to submit your book to other bigger name Publishing companies like McGraw Hill, Random House, Penguin, etc, who might be able to publish it for you and then sell them at major bookstores around the country for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23574
Wow, I m sorry to hear that...I would tell as many people about it as possible. You should have included that in your question, I would probably buy it just to help, and tell people to do the same. Word of mouth is the most powerful marketing tool... How does the publisher expect you to become famous without having a first novel? Duh. Sorry I don t have any expert advice, I would start locally and as small as possible. Hell, wear a t-shirt that says buy my book or something! :)Good luck to you!! :)

QUESTION ID: PMVUJGYCO1I8H4Y
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much money did Raju have at first ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 2/5 of Raju???s money is equal to 1 ?? of Carl???s money.When Raju spent $450 and carl received $120, the ratio of Raju???s money to Carl???s money became 5 : 2. How much money did Raju have at first ?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5546
Let Raju s money equal Xlet Carl s money equal Y2x/5 = 3y/24x = 15y or 4x - 15y = 0 (1)x - 450 : y + 120 = 5:2x-450/y+120 = 5/2 or2(x-450) = 5(y + 120)2x - 900 = 5y + 6002x - 5y = 600 + 900 = 15002x - 5y = 1500 (2)Multiply (2) by -3-6x + 15y = -4500 (3)add (1) and (3)  4x - 15y =         0 -6x + 15y = -4500______________-2x = -4500x = 2250substitute x = 2250 in (1)4x - 15y =         04(2250) - 15y = 09000 - 15y = 0-15y = -9000y = -9000/-15y = 600therefore Raju s Money = 2250Carl s Money = 600~~~
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5547
Let x be the amount of money Raju has, and y be the amount Carl has2x/5 = 3y/23y = 4x/5y = 4x/15 ----- (1)(x - 450)/(y + 120) = 5/22(x - 450) = 5(y + 120)2x - 900 = 5y + 6002x - 5y = 15002x - (20x/15) = 1500 (From (1))10x/15 = 150010x = 22500x = 2250Raju had$2250 at first.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5548
2/5 of Raju???s money is equal to 1 ?? of Carl???s money.When Raju spent $450 and carl received $120, the ratio of Raju???s money to Carl???s money became 5 : 2. How much money did Raju have at first ?2R/5 = 3C/2 Or 4R = 15C Or C = 4R/152(R -- 450) = 5(C + 120)Or 2R -- 900 = 5C + 600 Or C = (2R -- 1500)/5then 4R/15 = 2R/5 -- 300 Or R = 300*15/2 = 2250Raju had $2250.

QUESTION ID: POMRK5F58CZTW1S
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I get my teen fiction book published.?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have two books in the makeing.I want to know how to get publishwith a big compiney.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 61051
Write your synopsis and manuscript first. Or at the very least you need to write a couple of polished sample chapters to send to the publishers as a sample of your work while you re writing your book.Then you need to do the basic steps:1) Go through 2008 Writer s Market and list all agents and publishers who handle your genre.***You will find that the vast majority of publishers will not accept submissions from authors, only agents.2) Send a query letter to each listing following their submission guidelines to the letter.***go online to their site to get their up-to-date guidelines and the current person s name to address your query.***3) Prepare to receive reams of rejection letters and don t take them personally. They re not.4) Don t give up.I read an article on Steven King that mentioned he was rejected so many times that he resorted to writing magazine articles to get published.Wishing you the best of luck with your writing ???Gary Andersonauthor GAMEPLAYER: The Genesis Portal
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3143
Start with this book:Writers Market 2008 by Robert Lee Brewer (Editor), Chuck Sambuchino (Editor) . This book is a huge list of publishers, the type of work they accept, and how to submit to them.And possibly this one:Guide to Literary Agents 2008 by Chuck Sambuchino (Editor) Getting published is tough. Unfortunately there is no quick answer. You ll have to do your research!

QUESTION ID: PP4XBLSH0D6LK1C
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much wood would a woodchuck chuck, if a woodchuck could chuck wood?(in any given hour)?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73534
As much wood As a woodchuck would, if a woodchuck could chuck wood.this is the sensible answer.i have read the links provided for the same question answered by thegoogle researchers but it is very complex i could not understand itdid u understand it?After much research from internet which iam doing for the past 6 years.i have found a reasonable answer for your q.ANSWER:About 700 pounds. Compared to beavers, groundhogs/woodchucks are notadept at moving timber, although some will chew wood. (At Cornell,woodchucks that gnaw their wooden nest boxes are given scraps of2-by-4 lumber.) A wildlife biologist once measured the inside volumeof a typical woodchuck burrow and estimated that -- if wood filled thehole instead of dirt -- the industrious animal would have chuckedabout 700 pounds worthcheck this linkshttp://www.beercanbob.com/bobfaq.htmlhttp://nethistory.dumbentia.com/nm8801.htmlhttp://people.cornell.edu/pages/rcd9/surv.htmlhttp://www.lib.washington.edu/Ougl/fun/qboard/wood.htmlhttp://ist-socrates.berkeley.edu/~naclhv/seekersfaq.htm#q7http://stpeter.holyinn.org/www/ramblings/1098.htmlhttp://www.beercanbob.com/bobfaq.htmlhttp://www.bathroomreader.com/faq.htm#20http://www.everything2.com/index.pl?node_id=639629&lastnode_id=16056http://www.google.com/search?num=30&hl=en&lr=&ie=ISO-8859-1&safe=off&as_qdr=all&q=+%22+if+a+woodchuck+could+chuck+wood++%22+origin+answer&btnG=Google+Search
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48408
just divide the amount it chucks in a day by 24 :p

QUESTION ID: PP7NWOHTJSQVTQ7
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does caffiene affect your blood pressure?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84771
Per the great wikipedia...Caffeine is a central nervous system and metabolic stimulant,[20]and is used both recreationally and medically to reduce physical fatigue and restore mental alertness when unusual weakness or drowsiness occurs. Caffeine stimulates the central nervous system first at the higher levels, resulting in increased alertness and wakefulness, faster and clearer flow of thought, increased focus, and better general body coordination, and later at the spinal cord level at higher doses.[21]The precise amount of caffeine necessary to produce effects varies from person to person depending on body size and degree of tolerance to caffeine. It takes less than an hour for caffeine to begin affecting the body and a mild dose wears off in three to four hours.[21]Consumption of caffeine does not eliminate the need for sleep: it only temporarily reduces the sensation of being tired.With these effects, caffeine is an ergogenic: increasing the capacity for mental or physical labor. A study conducted in 1979 showed a 7% increase in distance cycled over a period of two hours in subjects who consumed caffeine compared to control tests.[22]Other studies attained much more dramatic results; one particular study of trained runners showed a 44% increase in race-pace endurance, as well as a 51% increase in cycling endurance, after a dosage of 9 milligrams of caffeine per kilogram of body weight.[23]The extensive boost shown in the runners is not an isolated case; additional studies have reported similar effects. Another study found 5.5 milligrams of caffeine per kilogram of body mass resulted in subjects cycling 29% longer during high intensity circuits.[24]
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87853
It jacks it up.If you want an accurate reading, abstain from all caffeine for 48 hours before a BP reading.

QUESTION ID: PPEDM0P5B5N5JW8
QUESTION SUBJECT: why the name CANCER is only given for overgrowth of cells?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 9508
The creature CANCER has many legs and it moves side words and also penetrate in sand very fast. Similarly the the cells affected by disease CANCER also spreads very fast both side words and also by penetrate. Spreading or overgrowth of Cancer cells resembles movement of the creature Cancer. So the name Cancer is given-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87201
The name CANCER is an overall term applied to over 200 different diseases. These diseases each affect a specific cell that for unknown reasons mutates and begins to grow uncontrollably. Cancer can invade local tissue, enlarge, and has the ability to shed hundreds of maligant microscopic cells into the blood stream and lymphatic system. Through this avenue cancer metastasizes and a brand new tumor can grow in a distant location from the original tumor. These satellite tumors can also metastasize and send out hundreds of microscopic cancer cells . . and so it becomes a vicous cycle that if left untreated is fatal.If you are speaking about why the word is used to describe the overgrowth of cells, it is credited to Aulus Cornelius Celsus sometime between 25 BC - 50 who used the word to describe what the tumor looked like . . a crab. Hippocrates also uses the word cancer to describe what a tumor looked like when it was sliced open - he described a roundish solid center surrounded by long and pointy projections that somewhat resembled a crab.ACS: The history of cancerhttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/CRI/content/CRI_2_6x_the_history_of_cancer_72.asp

QUESTION ID: PPZOWZEB63780BQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is it Breast Cancer is the only thing people care about?
QUESTION CONTENT: Where ever you go. All they talk about is how to find a cure for breast cancer, What about the other cancers that are out there. Why are they pushed a side for breast cancer. before anyone gets their panties in a twist. A few of my family members have hasd breast cancer. 2 who found the lumps and went to get it checked our now healthy. The one who ignored it until it got really bad. Did pass away. she is missed every day. Now that you know that get off you high horses before you answer.  I am personal sick of going into stores and seeing nothing but breast cancer stuff. I personal would like to see a cure for all kinds. If you can get shirts, pens, magnets for breast cancer. Why not al the rest?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45396
It is a major one and is very visible.  For your information look up resveratrol.  Find the 60 page report called Reveratrol preclinical trials and clinical studies .  you can also pull up aggarwal resveratrol Dr. Aggarwal is at the M D Anderson Cancer Center in Houston and they have done extensive research.   This stuff is in grapes and other plants.  The reveratrol fights mold and fungus.  There are only two places to get it from the muscadine grape and that is suppose to be the best.  They are oldwouthwinery.com (has Anderson links) and vitacost.com (made in North Carolina by NSM).The Chinese and Japanese use the root of the knotweed plant.  I asked on Answers and was told that most of our herbs come from china, but are safe.  Most at local vitamin shops are made from this.  If you have a canceror want to know more contact Scott at the winery, he the head honcho and nice and will help you.The report I mentioned explains how the stuff works on most of the cancers including breast.  It  explains and lists the different pathways and mutations it effects.  I have a friend that was given three months to live, he took 3 of 11 chemos and said F it and now jsut takes this stuff and that s been over two years ago.  He  states everyone should take it as a preventative.The stuff also helps the heart and puts more oxygen inthe systema and has the same effect as Viagra (how bout that guys).  I know first hand it dons that.  It is also a cox 1-2 inhibitor and works just as god as Vioxx or Celebrex and I can tell you that action also works as I have heirniated disc and it really helps.  It s a differnt feeling than pain pills, but ok.I know aobut missing someone, my sister had the radiation about ten years ago and we lost her to leukimia in 05.  She got on some sSRI that not only messed withthe serotinin, but also the dopeamine.  Instead of SSRIs peope should try St. John s Wort, it is prescribed 90% in Europe, although they get our SSRIs at low rates like Canada and Mexico.  Wort works like the Porzac, Paxil, etc. and goes through the liver, but 5HTP goes directly in the blood stream.  If you get on edge from the stuff then you know you don t have a serotonin problem.Back to resveratrol, the stuff somehow tells the killer cels to recognize the cancer cells and knocks them out and in some cases actualy alerts the cancer cels that they ain t pose to be there and they kill themselves, also fix DNA.A while back while in dallas they had omn the local stations that Ann Richards had cancer so I called the lady that did the report, a Ms. st. James or something and told her this nad she thought Iws trying to sell her something.  I asked her to look up the research and she was onthe net and said I see all these vitamin compnaies selling it.  Then she said Why haven t I heard about it? I told her becuase it didn t cost $100,000 and that the phamacutical compnaies had not figured out how to synthesis it.  She still didn t catch on.Seems and correct me if zI m wrong, but 90% of meds are ripoffs of natural stuff.  As soon as they can make this they will sellit for $100 a bottle.Anyway hope you read up n this. Also Anderson has a study n tumeric and it stops even lung cancer andmany more.  Study shows how in India lower rates of certain cancer because they eat this on their food.  Natures Plus has a phamacutical grade.Back to your question, as mention by ohters they are high profile, making progress and I guess it alerts people to other cancers.  Maybe money for research.  It like adult stem cells have been used to do stuff (25 things) that they have not been able to do with the other type, but they still push to get the money, go figure, but adult stem cells have worked whereas the others did ot.That was a god idea to sell your own stuff nd get people aware.  Hope all are ok.  Take care.almost forgot.  Doug Coffman has a website called knowthecause.com.  He came back from Nam all messed up and he has devoted himself to proving that mold and fungus cause most of our problem.  He has a show on a couple of stations, so check the lisitngs.  He has evidence by doctors, etc. that he is right.  Remember the houses and school being torn down becasue of mold.  Check him out.  Stuff he mentions actually can stop people from being sick when nothing else works.  Last thing have a friend and he went to doctors and anitbodies and stuff and still had bad sinus problems, I found xclear and it is a nasal spray (natural) and has xylitol in it and works.  the stuff is in gum, but takes about a week to work and kills germs, if you ever have that problem.  Seems they are finding  out everyday that fungus, mold and stuff cause most of our problems.  Doug even talks about a freind whose daughters had lekimia and it was due to fungus, once gone they were OK.  Excuse typos check spelling never works. .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49249
because by promoting all the merchandise people are more aware of it and so more women check themselves and are cured . Hope you never get it you wont be sick of it then. thanks to all the awareness i have survived it twice
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49250
The pink ribbons and breast cancer awareness was established by the founder of Estee Lauder, which is a major cosmetic corporation. She was able to interest many other companies and corporations in funding a cure for breast cancer. The current tide of pink for breast cancer is not led by the medical community. It is being led by American companies interested in using breast cancer as a way to instill good will and increase profits . . it has little to do with finding a cure for cancer. The Est??e Lauder Companies Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign (established in 1982)http://www.esteelauder.com/templates/products/multiproduct.tmpl?ngextredir=1&CATEGORY_ID=CATEGORY5887Powered by major corporations such as Est??e Lauder:http://www.bcrfcure.org/It is an unfortunate twist that breast cancer is now considered a commodity. If corporations truly were concerned about cancer than theywould support an equitable research into all cancers and include men, teens, and young children who are dying daily from underfunded reseach. Think before you pink.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49251
Probably because Breast Cancer is the most prevalent cancer concerning women, just as Prostate Cancer is amongst men.The other Cancers are not PUSHED ASIDE, all new treatments, etc ,go towards the treatment ofall the other forms of Cancer.My wife is a 4 year survivor of Breast Cancer, she has more relatives dead through Cancer(not just Breast) than she has living.Some of them are, Brain Cancer, Kidney, Liver, Bone, Colon, Lung, need i go on?If all of these were continually being pumped across the airwaves, what would your next complaints be ( Why all the adds for different cancers? why cant they choose just one?)Breast cancer/Prostate Cancer are the prevalent ones as i said before.Would you buy a pen/magnet/shirt,etc, for each&every one of the other forms of Cancer that are out there?The answer is more than likely to be NO, because of the overkill!I hope this rant does not offend you, it s a subject VERY close to my, my wifes&our kid s hearts
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49252
i have cancer i dont no why all you hear is breast they sure dont do nothing to help out
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49253
October is breast cancer awareness month, and that is why you see a saturation of items during this month in particular.There are many, many breast cancer survivors in the United States, and therefore it s a big market for people who market pink ribbon items.You can definitely support other organizations such as the Lance Armstrong Foundation, Gilda s Club, many others that contribute to research and services for all types of cancer if that is what you wish to do.  Alex s Lemonade Stand is a great organization for childhood cancer research. I don t know that others are pushed to the side, although some of the rarer cancers do not have as much support.  Ovarian cancer, for example, is much more rare than breast cancer and has a very high death rate, so there are not as many survivors out there to advocate and raise money.  And of course there are many cancers that are very rare and have little to no fundraising done for them.About 40,000 women in the US die every year from breast cancer, and it is the biggest cancer killer of women in the US.  Ovarian cancer kills about 14,000 women per year in the US, which is still a large number.

QUESTION ID: PQKOEJ7TR7HGBER
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why hasn t a cure for cancer been found?
QUESTION CONTENT: After 40 plus years of research, and multi million dollar pharmacutetical companies pumping out every known pill made for every dysfunction known to man... why hasn t the cure for cancer been found? Why are we still allowing chemicals into our body that promote cancer? Why?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44610
On the movie Children of Men, women stop giving birth to children. After watching I thought, Man, if this happened in reality, they would look back at the date of the last known birth, and look at all new technologies that were produced on that exact date, or around that date... So, if cancer has a known beginning, we should look at what new technology we started using near that day. I think technology and chemicals have a lot to do with it. If you look at mass-produced food items, they are ran on belts that aren t very clean, and we eat it every day. We eat fragments of metal and scrap, and breath in dirty, dusty air every day. It s no wonder cancer is stillaround.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55520
There are over 200 different types and subtypes of cancer. There are many that can be treated and a cure obtained, especially in the early stages of the disease. The problem is with advanced cancer or metastatic cancer which has the ability to replicate itself and send out hundreds of microscopic seeds throughout the body. Metastatic cancer can be treated, but it is very very difficult. Successful treatment will depend on the individuals age, overall health, location of tumor, and response to treatment. Cancer is extremely complicated, however science is getting very close. They have found that all cancers have a specific protein and treatment has been developed to target that protein. Treatments have also been developed to starve off the blood vessels that create some of the tumor and help them grow. One cancer in recent years which has had remarkable results due to cancer research is a disease called Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor (GIST). Many patients with this disease began taking Gleevac and saw dramatic progress toward recovery. In all 85 % of patients with GIST had a significant response to Gleevac. Gleevac also seemed to have a dramatic improvement for all  Chronic Myeloid Leukemia patients as well. The NCI has a chronolgoy of events tracking the rise of this drug from Phase 1 to almost immediate FDA approval to treat these diseases. http://www.cancer.gov/clinicaltrials/digestpage/gleevecThe point is that there is ongoing research continuing for each of the over 200 types and subtypes of cancer. All require a unique treatment and approach for cure or remission. There will never be a take one pill and this will cure all cancer type approach. Instead, just as each cell in the body is unique, so is each cancer and must be treated in a unique manner. What works for breast cancer does not work for colon cancer. What works for bone cancer does not work for a childhood cancer called Neuroblastoma. Each disease needs study and to be treated individually.If it makes you feel any better there is no cure for diabetes, celiac, MS, cystic fibrosis, alzheimer s, asthma, or even the common cold.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55521
Why hasn t a cure for diabetes been found?Why hasn t a cure for AIDS been found?Why is a good question. I wish cancer, diabetes and AIDS would just disappear and the world could be a happier place. But back to reality....why haven t we found a cure to the worlds 3 major health crisises. This is why I want to study medicine. Why should some people have to suffer with an illness. Why can t we all be happy?Why?

QUESTION ID: PTGPN8IG5IWQ1D5
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can we be sure that our perception of space,time and light r real since we evolved over(c dtls)?
QUESTION CONTENT: eons to adopt our sense of vision to light as an aid to survive. So we didn t exactly undergoe this evolution for knowledge. So what we are seeing might be a highly altered version of the universe around us and there may not be a constant truth. So how can we be sure that our perception s right about time and space and work on the field based on the human opinion and vision of the universe?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74439
the formulas are what convince me.  I ve had to derive so many complicate formulas myself, and most of them, especially mechanics formulas can be proven, such as measuring a quantities, solving for a missing variable, then doing an experiment and getting the same answer.  This is too much to be a coincedence or something.  Most theories and things are developed before formulas and actual mathamatical relationships are found, then they find them and it all fits together nicely.  Even with reletivity and things with spacetime, there are a lot of concrete formulas, and once you have the satisfaction of deriving them yourself from previously proven formulas... it all clicks nicely, that s why im a physics major, curiosity about everything like this.  I guess human perception can be valid once connections start being made between things, because when ideas are incorrect, they really don t connect to other things very easily.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23140
experiments?lol.idk
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23141
we did not evolve over eons we were all created. the earth is prolly between 6000 and 10000 years old. Yes I can offer proof. first the earth is slowing down every year or 2 we have what is known as a LEAP SECOND to account for the fact the earth is slowing down if you take the rate at which the earth is slowing down and rewind time as little as 1,000,000 years increasing the speed by its current rate of decay then you will find the speed to be so great that the centripital force would cause every thing to fly off the surface also assuming you could stand on the surface of the planet and look up you would see night day night day night day  night day as fast as though you were reading it just now.  the moons gravity influences the tides.  due to what is known in physics as the inverse square law if you 1/2 the distance between 2 objects you quadruple thier gravatational attraction.  the moon is getting farther away from the earth at about the speed at which your fingernails grow.  again if you rewind time to lets say when the moon was half the distance to the earth as it is now again i think it s like 1,000,000 years (don t worry i ll give you a link to check the actuall numbers) the moons gravatational efffect now causes the tides to swell upand over all landmasses on earthtwice!...Everyday!65,000,000 years ago the dinosaurs???? well if they were able to somehow not be thrown from the surface of the earth then they must have been phenominal swimmers. thats just to mension a few things leaving alone things like short period comets and the distance from the earth to the sun which incidentally is also changing.  here is the web site www.drdino.comtalk to a man named Kent Hovend  i believe his phone # is on the site.  I m sure he would be happy to better answer your questions with more accurate formulas and estimations of time and distance than i have though he will tell you about the same thing i did then he might ask you what you think of a man named Jesus Christ  he is someone very important and if you think the universe is BIllions of years old then he is somone you really need to get to know

QUESTION ID: PU1TVJ8KBLDNNMK
QUESTION SUBJECT: how long does someone with leukemia last without medication?
QUESTION CONTENT: Do they live long even if they don t take medication for it?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 9503
I am a AML leukemia patient for last 8 years. I am now  85 years of age. So far I had five chemo treatments.  I am weak and wondering if I can last till end of the year. I am not afraid to die because I am a firm believer of Jesus Christ. I believe in His promises. I hope to see Him when  I die. If you are interested in knowing whether Heaven is a reality, email me for a testimony: TMHO@EARTHLINK.NET.  Best wishes!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1184
My mother in law, she lived with CML for 8 years.  Her main drug was Gleevec, which had its up and downs, all serious.  I think it benefits you when your on it and also when your not.  I SERIOUSLY WISH SOMEONE OUT THERE WOULD COME UP WITH A CURE TO STOP THIS, I HATED SEEING MY WIFE THE WAY SHE WAS WHEN HER MOTHER DIED, THAT HURT SO MUCH.GOOD LUCK.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87174
There is no way of knowing this as everyone is an individual. What generally occurs when treatment is stopped is that the disease will progress to the point where the person will die.How long that takes depends on the age and overall health of the individual, the stage of the disease and perhaps when the last time they responded to treatment.  So, it is almost impossible to predict. Usually though without medication or treatment the progression of disease will make the person feel pretty sick. So, stopping all medications might not be a good plan. Contact hospice for help through the dying process. There is palliative care which makes the patient comfortable by treating any symptoms, but does not actively try to treat the disease.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87175
Depends on the type.  Someone with an acute leukemia will on average only live a few months from onset without treatment.  Bad thing is it can take a while to realize your sick.  The main symptom in leukemia is anemia and inability to fight infections.  Anemia symptoms are so vague that you probably won t think anything about cancer.  And most people don t go to the doc for a cold or whatever until it never goes away 2 months later.For example, I have AML.  I was 21 when I was diagnosed, had no insurance and was barely making enough money to cover rent and electric.  So I put off seeing the doc.  But when you look at my symptoms..  I am naturally anemic anyways, so I have always bruised easily and badly.  So when I had some nasty looking bruises I just dismissed as meaning I needed to start taking iron vitamins again.  I was completly exhausted but it was Christmas time and I was basically working around the clock and just thought I was tired and needed vaca.  Anyways, there were a few others with equally good explantions.  When I did finally go to the doc because of bleeding issues (which were caused by the low platelet count) they said that had I waited even a couple more weeks it may have been too late.I beleive the chronic types can go much longer than that without treatment, but I dont know how much. Find out what type of leukemia it is and go to http://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/hm_lls    to look up more info on it.I don t mean to sound scary, but if this is about a real person it is very important that the person know what kind it is, what the treatment is and the consequences of not receiving treatment, so that they can make an educated decision on whether or not to receive treatment.

QUESTION ID: PVF165UA7VS4P7O
QUESTION SUBJECT: how long does radiation treatment take to start working? and what is the process?
QUESTION CONTENT: my father has been going to radiation treatments for about 4 days now. i m wondering how the body gets rid of the tumor after radiation...do the dead cancer cells get absorbed by the body and expelled? and about how many treatments does a person usually have before they begin to feel some results at all? or is it always different?thanks for the good wishes and helpful info. my father is also seeing a holistic/alternative doctor in addition to the newly started radiation treatments. the tumor is rather large so i am trying to have paitience with the treatment. it s only been a few days...
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 129
It depends on the type of cancer it is.  There are many forms of cancer.  In fact cancer is just a name a kind of umbrella for a whole series of diseases.Radiation does do all the things you mentioned above.  I remember within two days after his first chemo my son s tumor had almost gone right down.  He had a lump on his leg and it was clearly visible the difference within 24 hours.  But that was chemo but I m sure radiation would be similar.  I know many people who ve been cured of prostate cancer with radiation, and breast cancer too.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 130
Radiation (like chemo) works because cancer cells have a higher rate of metabolism than normal cells.  In chemo, the goal is to poison the cancer cells (since they process the poison quicker) and stop before doing significant damage to the patient.  In radiation treatments, the radiation is physically target to the tumor, or the tumor is doped with some chemical that will kill the tumor cells faster than the regular cells in the presence of the radiation.Radiation treatment is effective on the tumor almost immediately, but its impact on the rest of the patient can be very hard work.The patient is not going to feel results in all likelihood, anyway, patients are often unaware of most tumors.  Radiation just makes you feel crappy.  Symptoms of cancer are usually as a consequence of the tumor pushing on, or obstructing, some other nearby part of the body.I hope your dad does well,Best wishes...

QUESTION ID: PXJ80YPZ7J0NIUJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How bad is this blood pressure?
QUESTION CONTENT: I work at a pharmacy and there is one of those blood pressure machines that I use often to check my blood pressure.  Usually, these are the results:Diastolic - 140Systolic - 75BPM - 55I know that a healthy blood pressure is 120/80, so the 140 concerns me.  Is that too high, and should I see a doctor?  I am 21 years old and in otherwise good health, exercise regularly and follow a moderately healthy diet.  I do eat too much sodium, and I know that s something I need to work on.I think that my heart rate is low because I do a lot of cardio training, and HIIT (high intensity interval training).
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 54224
The BP you have is pretty good. The only number you have to worry about is your Systolic. If it is 90 or better than you have high blood pressure. The Diastolic of 140 is pretty normal in most people.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 928
Error. Please check your blood pressure once again. Blood pressure ia written as systolic / diastolic mm of mercury (Hg). Normal blood pressure is 120/80 mmHg. You have wriiten as 75/140 mm Hg. I think that you have interchanged the figures. If 140 is taken as systolic blood pressure, then you have got Stage 1 Hypertension.Normal pulse rate is 60 to 100 (for resting heart rate). Well-trained athletes; 40 to 60 beats per minute. If you are a well trained athlete, then your pulse rate is OK.  Bradycardia, as applied to adult medicine, is defined as a resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute, though it is seldom symptomatic until the rate drops below 50 beat/min.  Trained athletes tend to have slow resting heart rates, and resting bradycardia in athletes should not be considered abnormal if the individual has no symptoms associated with it.Self-care* Lifestyle changes can help you control and prevent high blood pressure ??? even if you re taking blood pressure medication. Here s what you can do:* Eat healthy foods. Try the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, which emphasizes fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low-fat dairy foods. Get plenty of potassium, which can help prevent and control high blood pressure. Eat less saturated fat and total fat. Limit the amount of sodium in your diet. Although 2,400 milligrams (mg) of sodium a day is the current limit for otherwise healthy adults, limiting sodium intake to 1,500 mg a day will have a more dramatic effect on your blood pressure. * Maintain a healthy weight. If you re overweight, losing even 5 pounds can lower your blood pressure. * Increase physical activity. Regular physical activity can help lower your blood pressure and keep your weight under control. Strive for at least 30 minutesof physical activity a day. * Limit alcohol. Even if you re healthy, alcohol can raise your blood pressure. If you choose to drink alcohol, do so in moderation ??? up to one drink a day for women, two drinks a day for men. * Don t smoke. Tobacco injures blood vessel walls and speeds up the process of hardening of the arteries. If you smoke, ask your doctor to help you quit. * Manage stress. Reduce stress as much as possible. Practice healthy coping techniques, such as muscle relaxation and deep breathing. Getting plenty of sleep can help, too. * Practice slow, deep breathing. Do it on your own or try device-guided paced breathing. In various clinical trials, regular use of Resperate ??? an over-the-counter device approved by the Food and Drug Administration to analyze breathing patterns and help guide inhalation and exhalation ??? significantly lowered blood pressure. Please see the web pages for more details on Blood pressure, Heart rate (Pulse), Hypertension and Bradycardia.

QUESTION ID: PY6OMXSORAY22RZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: when i am sleeping i wake up to my heart beating really fast why does that happen.?
QUESTION CONTENT: i am a female that has had heart problems all her life.. I had surgery when i was a day old for Transposition of the great arteries....Now my heart goes into irregular heart beats and at times goes over 250 beats a minute..I just recently went to my heart specialist and he wants me to go for a lung examine. but he did not tell me why
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87833
My dad has been having these issues for a while now.It started out with him feeling like he was going to have a heart attack, but after doing stress tests, and a battery of other tests doctors say he is fine. He would later develop very bad arrhythmia that would wake him up at night with feelings that his heart was trying to jump out of his chest. So another battery of tests still found nothing.We have only recently had a heart catheter placed, and he is on blood thinners, but no real progress has been made into what is causing these problems. Good luck on your hunt.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87834
Have you asked your doctor to put you on a HOLT monitor or Cardionet for two weeks to see what is really going on
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87835
see a doctor about that and maybe try a heart selective beta blocker?  are you hypoglycemic? do you have sleep apnea? do you have asthma?  anything that stresses the heart (reduced oxygen supply) will cause a surge of adrenalin waking up heart racing, and if your anxious about it it makes even worse. Low blood sugar too causes the body to release adrenalin to get the body to release sugar into the blood stream.I had my first anxiety attack like that when I was a kid, my heart was beating hard and fast and I was just sitting there watching tv, it scared me and made it worse. It just happened, I wasnt watching anything scarey, I didn t understand it then, but my brother seem to be smart enough to tell me I scared myself worrying about it and made it worse.I have had boutsof this. I have waken up with my heart elevated, but not as fast as yours, and I feel anxious, so I lay there using biofeedback and breath normally, and wait it out.I found it was asthma causing this. or at the very least making it worse, I take my inhaler, or if I don t feel like getting up and using it I use my astelin nasal spray, it is a antihistamine and seems to help open up my airways, takes away the tight feeling I sometimes get.I was born with a heart murmur.  but I am not sure it means anything here. are you sure about the beats perminute?  if your heart went that fast you would pass out. if the beating goes to fast your heart cant get enough blood into the chambers to pump so you pump very little blood and thus the fainting.I say keep up with your doctor and let him know what is happening, and if he seems to be unconcerned ask him whY?  or if not satisfied get another doctor if you can.ask about the lung examine, he could be looking for scarring or fibrosis, blockages or even asthma. I also have life long hypertension too.RRRRR

QUESTION ID: PYG1VKD4ENUY7DL
QUESTION SUBJECT: how deep is barmuda trangle?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 32350
This basin of  The Bermuda Triangle  is about 18000 feet (6000 meters) deep.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32351
This basin is approximately 18000 feet (6000meters) deep.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60161
The Ocean FloorThe North-American Continental Shelf explains the wonderful blue water of the Caribbean. In many places throughout the Caribbean Islands when flying over the shelf it is possible to see large objects submerged several feet under the water. It s a splendid sight and it would make it seem that finding a lost plane submerged in these parts quite easy, especially in this day of Black Boxes (Flight Data Recorders, Cockpit Voice Recorders and Emergency Locator Transmitter).While the Big Jets have all sorts of tracking gear, Small Aircraft only have the Emergency Lacator Transmitter Unfortunately, the Black boxes don t work very well when they are submerged. Also, when the sandy bottom of the ocean floor is disturbed it can often cause the sand to lift up into a cloud and resettle on top of whatever disturbed it. To make matters worse, if a boat has capsized it may go completely unnoticed by all but the most sophisticated sonar equipment.But these are only minor perils when it comes to searching for sunken craft in the Triangle. The real peril is that while many people have snorkeled in the wonderful shallow areas of the Caribbean, few have gone just a few miles away from these shallow areas where the continental shelf gives way to the ocean floor! Suddenly, within a matter of miles, what was once water only a couple hundred feet deep begins an ocean thousands of feet deep. About 100 miles north of Puerto Rico is the deepest part of the Atlantic Ocean: the Puerto Rico Trench, estimated at 30,100 ft (9200 meters) deep. The Florida Straits, between Miami and the Bahamas at around 5,000 or so feet deep. This is the shallow water where so many planes and boats have disappeared with out a trace. The 120 mile distance between the Grand Bahamas from New Providence lies the North East Providence Channel which has a depth of ranging between 6,000 and 12,000 feet (2,000-4,000 meters).The Channel is at the tip of the basin which spreads out covering much of the ocean floor from Miami and the Bahamas out to Bermuda. This basin is ap proximately 18,000 feet (6,000 meters) deep. Contrary to the Bermuda triangle legend, the water of the islands is quite deep and turbulent.

QUESTION ID: PYRHVODWT1ASG65
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do Asian women have lower risk of Breast Cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: PLease help me and giva me a reasonable answer cuz I m doing this for reasearch at my school and my topic is Breast Cancer so I need ur help. thanks for the help and facts
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 838
You had better check your information because it may be dated.According to recent news reports Asian women no longer as a whole have a lower risk of breast cancer and in some Asian countries breast cancer is at epidemic proportions.Asia s cancer rate may jump by almost 60 percent by 2020.http://www.iht.com/articles/2007/04/23/business/23cancer.php Asia accounted for about half the 7 million cancer deaths worldwide in 2002, with 23 percent in China alone, D. Maxwell Parkin, a visiting research fellow at the University of Oxford s clinical trial service unit, told the forum. Historically in developing countries, people died before they could get cancer, said You-Lin Qiao, a professor of cancer epidemiology at the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences in Beijing. Now they are living longer, we re seeing more cancer and degenerative diseases of the brain, he said.Also, be careful of statistics . .since Asian women statistically may not have been recorded adequately . . leading to the wrong conclusions.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10182
Finding the right information on breast cancer can prove very helpful in understanding the disease. Take a look at Your Total Health - it has the most up-to-date, medically reviewed information around!http://yourtotalhealth.ivillage.com/breast-cancer

QUESTION ID: PYWS7N4OBP4R3FC
QUESTION SUBJECT: how should i hold my  Table Tennis bat?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 24795
The Shake Hands Grip      Steps:  1.   Hold your hand out as if to shake hands with someone, with your thumb up and fingers extended.    2.   Place the handle of the paddle in the V of you thumb and forefinger, with the face of the paddle up.    3.   Wrap your fingers around the handle and brace the face of the paddle between your thumb and forefinger. Be careful to keep your extended forefinger from extending into the face of the paddle.    4.   Hit the ball with your thumb in front on your forehand and your thumb in back on your backhand.    5.   Control the paddle with your thumb and forefinger.    6.   Use a relaxed but firm grip. Grip harder on shots requiring more power.The Pen Grip Steps:  1.   Wrap your thumb and forefinger around the handle with the paddle facing down, as if it were a pen and the paddle is the tip.    2.   Brace your other three fingers against the back of the paddle. Keep your extended fingers from extending into the face of the paddle.    3.   Rest the handle of the paddle in the V of your thumb and forefinger.    4.   Stroke the ball with your thumb and forefinger in front on your forehand and in back on your backhand.    5.   Control the paddle with your thumb and forefinger.    6.   Use a relaxed but firm grip. Grip harder on shots requiring more power.        Tips:   The Pen Grip originally gained popularity in Asia and is now used all over the world.     Keep the same grip at all times when playing.    Tips:   The Shake Hands grip is the most common and standard grip in table tennis.     Keep the same grip at all times when playing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8070
with your hand
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76075
Like you mean business.But somehow table tennis people just don t look imposing enough. There s not enough macho elements in table tennis. Even calling the racquets as bats don t add up to desired amount of manliness and machismo.

QUESTION ID: PZSZYGTFUDUZKVS
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did World War one and 2 start?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11530
WW1 started with the assassination of archduke Ferdinand. WW2 started with Hitler getting ticked off about the billions of dollars that the Treaty of Versailles was gonna make them pay, and the fact that he invaded Poland.By the way, DirtyTrick, those friggin Germans are a part of my ancestry.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28043
The friggin Germans.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79963
WW I: imperalism, militarism, nationalism, and alliances.  When the Arch Duke of Austria Hungrary was assassinated by a Serbian, Austria Hungria threated to invade Serbia.  Russia then came to the aid of Serbia and Germany came to the aid of Austria Hungrary.  When the Germans invaded Belguim, France and England which had treaty obligations with Belgium joined.  This was in 1914.  The US did not enter until 1917 because the Germans were sinking ships with their submarines without a prior notice (unrestricted submarine warefare).  Also Germany offered Mexico the return of Texas, NM, and AZ if they would join with Germany (Zimmerman telegram).  WWII: Social upheaval in Germany, joblessness, the harshness of the Versailles treaty (treaty that ended WWI), primqarily pushed by the French.  Germany s economy was wrecked yet they were to pay reparations, which they couldn t afford.  Then a demogogue who was a magnetic speaker told the German people that Jews were the cause of all their problems and that if they would give him power he would make them strong (economically, and militarily) again.  As Hitler became agressive and took Austria, part of Czecheslovikia but no one would stand up to him.  This only encouraged Hitler who thought Germany needed more living space .  So he invaded Poland on Sept 1, 1939.  Britain and France had treaties with Poland and the war was on.  Of course US entry was delayed until Dec 7, 1941 when then Japanese launched a surprise attack on our military installations in Pearl Harbor and other Pacific bases.

QUESTION ID: Q0OTPDY80FDGBH0
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I get rid of smell from my vagina after a period?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15608
There should not be a bad smell from your vagina, even after menstruation; as long as your vagina is clean and healthy there is no reason to do anything to it as your vagina is self-cleaning so it takes care of itself. A lot of women are brain-washed socially into thinking that their vaginas smell bad and that menstruation is smelly and dirty, this is not the case, if you do in fact have a bad smell then you should see a doctor to get it tested and treated. A bad smell is a symptom of a vaginal infection, these can be more common during or after menstruation because menstrual blood is a different pH to your vagina s normal environment, if the pH of your vagina is already a little off then menstruation can further push that problem, and when the ph is effect the normal bacterial balance is in turn effected leading to infections. It may be that you have bacterial vaginosis; this is a common vaginal infection but can be difficult to deal with because it is not just a case of treating the infection but also making sure there is a normal healthy bacterial balance again. Bacterial vaginosis is when anaerobes [bad bacteria]take over from lactobacilli [good bacteria], the symptoms are a bad smell similar to fish, excessive discharge, runny discharge, grey coloured discharge, but these symptoms are not always present. Treatment normally comes in the form of antibiotics, best avoided as they can trigger of yeast infections, or with pills or creams depending on what your doctor feels is best. Do not leave it untreated because if left untreated it can cause serious vaginal health problems. Bacterial vaginosis can be helped by a few home treatments; - Put tea tree oil in the vagina, this may tingle a bit, to help kill off bad bacteria.  - Put plain live pro-biotic yogurt into your vagina at night and washing out the next morning, this will not deal with the infection but will help introduce a healthy balance. - Use boric acid in 00 sized capsules, put into the vagina once a day for a week, this will kill off the bad bacteria, although it may cause some discomfort, if this is too uncomfortable for you then remove and consult a doctor. Some information on bacterial vaginosis;http://womenshealth.about.com/cs/vaginosis/a/bacterialvagin.htm http://www.cdc.gov/std/BV/STDFact-Bacterial-Vaginosis.htm If you use tampons then this will also cause infections because tampons prevent normal vaginal cleaning functions, keep blood in the vagina where the tampon can give bacteria the perfect place to multiply, dry out the mucosa causing vaginal splitting and in the case of commercial tampons contain chemicals that can effect vaginal pH. Some pads such as commercial pads can also cause infections because the synthetics prevent aeration of the vulva meaning yeast naturally present can overgrow in the warm moist environment, commercial pads also contain chemicals that can again, effect the natural pH. If you use pads I would recommend switching to organic pads, cloth pads, homemade pads or padded panties, if you use tampons I would recommend you switch to organic tampons, sponge tampons, homemade tampons, or better still switch to menstrual cups or softcups, these are internal like tampons but a lot safer and more hygienic. http://www.natracare.com - Organic tampons and pads.http://www.lunapads.com - Cloth pads and padded panties.http://www.divacup.com - Silicone menstrual cups.http://www.keeper.com - Rubber menstrual cups.http://www.softcup.com - Softcups.Your vagina is very good at taking care of itself, it is self-cleaning so does not require soap to wash with, in fact as soaps and washes can effect vaginal pH these will be more likely to cause pH imbalance that will lead to infections, in turn infections will make you smell bad. Feminine washes are no different, they too can cause infections, and they are simply marketed to play on women s insecurities about their vagina and the way in which their vagina smells. Do not douche, this is harmful not only because of the effect on vaginal pH but also because it washes away the discharge that helps keep your vagina clean and the mucosa of the vagina moist so to avoid vaginal splitting, douching will also push harmful bacteria further up into the vagina that can create serious vaginal health problems ??? it has also been shown that douching increases susceptibility to STD s. Dangers of douching - http://www.thebody.com/tpan/septoct_00/douching.htmlTo summarise;Do not doucheDo not use soapDo not use tamponsAvoid commercial padsSee a doctor
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35456
Use a douche.They are cheap,and effective.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35457
Rinse with White Wine...Sparking Chardanay
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35458
Showering with soap does wonders.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51861
douche..eww
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84548
blow torch

QUESTION ID: Q44VPPTDJNHOWL8
QUESTION SUBJECT: How should I act?
QUESTION CONTENT: My Gram, is a wonderfull Grandmother, in fact she raised me for the most part. She did Chemo treatments for a year and a half, that failed, Hospice has been called in, and we are just waiting for her to go..... Everyone keeps telling me not to cry, it will make others feel worse, but I cant help it. This woman has been my life for as long as I can remember. ( Yes I am the baby of 5). How should i feel/ act. How can I accept it? How can I help Gram? If anyone knows any of the answers I would be thankful.I am trying to show her how i feel about her, and I am there everyday all day, I kiss her when I go in, ( she is in a hosipital bed, in the livingroom now) and ask her how she feels. I cook for her since she wont eat if I dont make it. I had a Grandma blanket made for her, with my name and my kids name in a heart for Mothers day, Im going to put it in her casket.and wrote her this poem....http://poetry.com/Publications/display.asp?ID=P8480040&BN=999&PN=1She had me frame it, Its  by her bed.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17349
Crying is the best healing there is besides laughter . Don t let any one tell you not to show your feelings,feelings are natural that s why we have them. Let your gram know that your there for her and you love her and tell who ever tells you not to cry that they need to get there feelings out too, they won t be so grumpy. and if you don t want to tell them that, go to the bathroom and have a good cry and come back in after you feel better. It took me 40yrs to cry because others didn t want me too and that did more damage to me then it did for the one i needed to cry over.It also shows that you have affection for that person. If you didn t cry in front of them they would think you had no feelings for them.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42725
Answers, no. Support, yes.  I have to say that crying is a very normal feeling at this time.  When my wife was in the same condition and a few weeks from dying, I made sure that she knew how much I loved her.  I told her that I thought it was unfair that it was her.  We talked about many things.  You will miss her very much, it is to be expected.  Time will help.  It has been four years since my father passed away and I still think that it would be wonderful to talk with him again.  Get his advise.  I think it less and less as the years pass.  Our eldest son died in a drowning accident five years ago.  I can t express the grief of lossing a child, but time makes wounds that can be endured.  Although our son is gone, he left us with a wonderful daughter-in-law and a fabulous granddaughter.You can help your grandmother by being her friend and loving granddaughter.  Just what it sounds like you have been all along.The best of luck to you, and your family.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42726
Please Cry if that is what you feel. Please feel free to allow ANY feelings you have to come forth and please do not feel bad about experiencing them or showing them. Please do not let others direct your own greiving. If you need or want to cry, I hope you do. Just as Death is a natural part of life, ...so is greiving and crying. If you deny yourself what your inner essence needs to do even if it is impromptu laughter, or anger, or crying, or moaning......do not stuff it. It can manifest later in your own life into a condition. Your Gram is a part of whom you are. After all, if she didn t exist,......you wouldn t exist. And, part of whom you are is actually her. Your bond is deep, and asking How should I act ? ...the Answer is simple. Don t act. Just be natural. You do not have to satisfy anyone but yourself, and if crying is your expression of loss and love,....and the loss of love, you have every right and need to totally feel your human experience. We live in a society that is intolerant of others,.......always trying to control others natural behaviors and feelings. I pray you do not allow this to rule you in this most critical time and impending event in yours and your Grandmother s life,......and passing. As God gave you your Grandmother,.........and as God gave your Grandmother life, and she in turn is responsible for giving many others life,.....in his perfect love, he also gave us all and as well as you Tammer ....the ability and need to cry. Even Jesus wept . I wish you my best, and hope God will embrace you and your family and your Gram during this time. I hope you find comfort and the many memories you have will sustain you with happiness after you get over this loss. Your Gram will always be alive inside you and in spirit and will always only be but a thought away. Just realize the transition may not be easy, but, I am a true believer that God will help you and bring you comfort.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86630
Be yourself and if you need to cry its perfectly normal.Tell your grandma how much you love her and how much you will miss her when she is gone. Pour your heart out and show her how much she means to you and how sad you will be when she is gone. Its important to cry and tell those people in our lives how much they mean to us.  If  you dont do it now, you will not be able to later because she will be gone and it will be too late.Hug your grandma and give her a kiss.  Feel her warm hand because you will never be able to do these things after she is gone. I just lost my dad and part of me went with him because nobody loves me like my dad did. I keep thinking about ways I could have said goodbye.

QUESTION ID: Q53NA8OBNUXNAZI
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many ways can carbon dioxide return to the atmosphere?
QUESTION CONTENT: biology question.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5244
1. Burn something2.  Living things breathe in oxygen and exhale carbon dioxide.3.  Chemical reactions (vinegar and baking soda)4.  Come out of solution in water (dissolved gas).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5245
On land, the major exchange of carbon with the atmosphere results from photosynthesis and respiration. During the daytime in the growing season, leaves absorb sunlight and take up carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. In parallel, plants, animals and soil microbes consume the carbon in organic matter and return carbon dioxide to the atmosphere. When conditions are too cold or too dry, photosynthesis and respiration cease along with the movement of carbon between the atmosphere and the land surface. The amounts of carbon that move from the atmosphere through photosynthesis, respiration, and back to the atmosphere are large and produce oscillations in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations. Over the course of a year, these biological fluxes of carbon are over ten times greater than the amount of carbon introduced to the atmosphere by fossil fuel burning.Fire also plays an important role in the transfer of carbon dioxide from the land to the atmosphere. Fires consume biomass and organic matter to produce carbon dioxide (along with methane, carbon monoxide, smoke), and the vegetation that is killed but not consumed by the fire decomposes over time adding further carbon dioxide to the atmosphere. Over periods of years to decades, significant amounts of carbon can be stored or released on land. For example, when forests are cleared for agriculture the carbon contained in the living material and soil is released, causing atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations to increase. When agricultural land is abandoned and forests are allowed to re-grow, carbon is stored in the accumulating living biomass and soils causing atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations to decrease. In the oceans, carbon dioxide exchange is largely controlled by sea surface temperatures, circulating currents, and by the biological processes of photosynthesis and respiration. carbon dioxide can dissolve easily into the ocean and the amount of carbon dioxide that the ocean can hold depends on ocean temperature and the amount of carbon dioxide already present. Cold ocean temperatures favor the uptake of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere whereas warm temperatures can cause the ocean surface to release carbon dioxide. Cold, downward moving currents such as those that occur over the North Atlantic absorb carbon dioxide and transfer it to the deep ocean. Upward moving currents such as those in the tropics bring carbon dioxide up from depth and release it to the atmosphere.Life in the ocean consumes and releases huge quantities of carbon dioxide. But in contrast to land, carbon cycles between photosynthesis and respiration vary rapidly; i.e., there is virtually no storage of carbon as there is on land (i.e., tree trunks and soil). Photosynthetic microscopic phytoplankton are consumed by respiring zooplankton (microscopic marine animals) within a matter of days to weeks. Only small amounts of residual carbon from these plankton settle out to the ocean bottom and over long periods of time represent a significant removal of carbon from the atmosphere.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5246
Just two.  Respiration and chemical dissolution.Respiration is a break-down of sugars, fats, or proteins into energy, water, carbon dioxide and waste.  Burning wood is the same chemical equation, but it s called something different.Chemical dissolution is a release of stored compounds, especially carbonates.  Energy + carbonate = carbon dioxide and waste.  Acids make carbonates bubble, heat reduces carbonates to lime.I guess you could make a third, involving planetary outgassing... where carbon dioxide trapped in the earth s mantle eventually bubbles out...

QUESTION ID: Q670RR8TKH0CVLB
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can u find ur family tree?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79822
This is a long, general answer to the question How do I get started in Genealogy? , with some links. Genealogy is the most popular hobby on the Internet for people over 40. Most Yahoo! users are younger than that, and they want to find 20 generations in 3 minutes. You can t. A good family tree is like a good term paper - it requires lots and lots of research. It is fun research, for people who like it, but most don t have the patience.As an example of popularity, Cyndi s List (cyndislist.com) is a web site with nothing but links to other genealogy sites. She has over 250,000 links. The next two links are to the two largest free data bases on the Internet. Family Search (familysearch.com) is run by the LDS Church - the Mormons. RootsWeb World Connect (worldconnect.genealogy) is a collection of genealogical data that other genealogists have uploaded. Try your two surnames in each data base - your father s surname and your mother s maiden surname. That will give you a feel for how much research has been done on those two surnames. Even better, if you can, call your grandparents and ask what THEIR grandparent s names were - maiden name for the ladies. Their birth day and birth state will help too. Those 16 people are your great-great grandparents. Most Yahoo! users are 20, give or take 10 years. Most people have children between the ages of 20 and 40, which averages to 30 years per generation. So, if you were born 20 years ago, your mother and father were born 50 years ago, your four grandparents were born 80 years ago, your eight great-grandparents were born 110 years ago and your sixteen great-great grandparents were born 140 years ago. (Those are averages; your results will vary. If you can get the names of all 16 of your great-great grandparents, you should be able to find at least one or two by name in one of the data bases.The fourth link (superpages) is a web-based phone book. It will tell you how many people with your surname have listed phone numbers in the US.The last link (begingen.html) is a page on my web site with some hints for beginners.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27946
Your oldest relatives are the best source for finding your descendence.Then you have to follow tru a reseach on what You asked your parents or relatives.You have to examine Municipal records.Church or synagogues usually keep records of marriages and deaths also.Your Genealogy may stems from various Countries. It can be Exhaustive ;but its fun. Don t be disapointed if you find out that your anscestor was Atilla the Hun!

QUESTION ID: Q6SG6PHA88RRW8T
QUESTION SUBJECT: how long does chemotherapy take for cervical cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84391
I had cervical cancer, there are many stages and many different ways to recieve your treatments. In some cases it can be given in pill form. I had 6 chemo treatments, one every 3 weeks. I had 3 chemo treatments then 28 radiation treatments ( done in 28 days straight not count sat and sun) then 3 more chemo treatments. Which is what is done in most cases. Each treatment lasted 4 1/2 hours. All you do is sit in a recliner with an IV you can watch TV, read, most people sleep. If you are going for Chemo treatments, you are more then welcome to email me and I will give you more details. It really wasnt that bad (I know everyone is different) I never got sick once, I worked the whole time I had treatments, I only missed 5 days of work while I was getting treatments. And I had my doctor take me off for 3 of those I was working 10 hour days at the time and needed a break. There are alot of tips I can give you if you are going for treatments, and a few things I wish I had known the first time I went.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34941
chemo does more harm than good - it doesnt address the root cause - Checkout www.curezone.org
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84393
Cervical cancer is a malignancy of the cervix. Worldwide, it is the second most common cancer of women. It may present with vaginal bleeding but symptoms may be absent until the cancer is in advanced stages, which has made cervical cancer the focus of intense screening efforts utilizing the Pap smear. Most scientific studies have found that human papillomavirus (HPV) infection is responsible for>90% of the cases of cervical cancer.Chemotheraphy given for Cervical cancer varies from patient to patient and it depends mainly on the stage and grade of the disease and health condition of the patient. Generally it is given for 3  or 4 days ith IV fluids and for 2 or 3 cycles, as per requirement.The Oncologist (medical) will decide all these things.Drugs  used for chemotheraphy for Cervix cancer  to kill cancer are-  Cisplatin, Carboplatin, Ifosfamide, Paclitaxel, and CyclophosphamidePatients receiving chemotheraphy will have low blood counts and when it is improved furthe theraphy would be given or after inusing blood in some case. Best of lluck for speedy recover of the patient.

QUESTION ID: Q84AVNCQB3IZ5AE
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do relieve period cramps?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73464
How To Relieve Menstrual CrampsMost women experience some degree of menstrual cramps at some point. Cramps can be mild to severe. Endometriosis, fibroid tumors, ovarian cysts, and other conditions may be a contributing factor.Here s How:1.   OTC pain relievers such as ibuprofen or naproxen used around the clock at the first sign of your period helps to reduce the severity of cramps in many women by inhibiting the release of prostaglandins.2.   Regular exercise such as walking helps to prevent or at least reduce the severity of menstrual cramps for some women.3.   Oral contraceptives may effectively reduce or eliminate menstrual cramps for some women; however you should consider the side effects of oral contraceptives before using them to prevent cramps.4.   Zinc, calcium, and B vitamins obtained in food and supplements have been found to reduce cramps, bloating and other symptoms.5.   Herbal remedies such as Viburnum prunifolium, Scutellaria spp., and Cimicifuga raemosa have an antispasmodic effect that may reduce some menstrual cramps.6.   A warm bath filled with aromatherapy or a heating pad on your lower abdomen and back is often helpful for relieving menstrual cramping.Tips:   1. Always take painkillers with food to prevent stomach discomfort.   2. If you don t have a heating pad, you can make one by filling a sock (a men s tube sock works best) with rice and heating it in a microwave over for a few minutes.   3. Talk to your physician if these tips do not help, there may be an underlying cause. Severe sudden cramps, vomiting, or fever may be a sign of a medical emergency, contact your physician immediately.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8425
The only thing that works for me is to take some Advil, have a really hot bath and then go to sleep.  When I wake up, I am fine.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22107
Advil/ibuprophen is my miracle drug for cramps. While I m waiting for it to kick in...I lay on my bed with a pillow or blanket rolled up and tucked up against my belly, or have my bf place his hand over the area...or I ll use a heating pad. I sometimes meditate or do visual exercises...like imagine my pain being removed by some mystical means (ha, ha..). There are also times when I just hum and rock back and forth...soundsweird but the humming and motion sort of get me to a trance like state where I can take my mind off the pain. A nice hot bath or shower helps...let the hot water hit your lower belly area...very soothing... And lastly... I know this sounds gross...but I tested the theory...having an orgasm actually does relief menstrual pain....and it helped me sleep better. :)

QUESTION ID: QA1K8PMIT3J6RVB
QUESTION SUBJECT: What is the major diff between Jews and Christians? Why Christians did not help jews during Holocust?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79720
Two primary differences between Jews and Christians:-Christians believe Christ to be the Messiah foretold in the Old Testament, and they believe his new teachings and the teachingsa of his apostles.  Jews (generally) believe the messiah is yet to come.-Christians and Jews share many religions texts in common (though the ordering in some might be different), but not all doctrine is the same.  The Christian Old Testament has a few books different from the Judaic Tanakh, but the biggest difference is that Christians use the New Testament (books written after the time of Christ and recognizing Christ as the Messiah), while Jews have the Talmud and the Kabbalah (Transcriptions of Rabbinic discourses on Hebrew law and interpretations thereof, and a book of mysticism on the nature of divinity, respectively).Humans have a tendency to not want to get involved in ugly situations (by and large).  It was the same reasons Jews in the Ottoman Empire didn t work to stop the Armenian holocaust, or why the whole damned world turned a blind eye to the genocide in Rwanda, where people were killed at five times the rate seen in Nazi Germany.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27829
The Ten Booms were one such Christian family that risked all to protect some of the Jewish people from the National Socialsits.The website below tells the story of Corrie s families experience.The Major difference is that Christians Accept that the Messiah has come.  Those who actively particpate in Judism don t believe the Messiah has come yet.

QUESTION ID: QAHBSPTQCNLUCBW
QUESTION SUBJECT: I ve had nut allergies for about five years now. How do I know if I m still allergic?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24322
ask your local doctor
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24323
You are still allergic. Don t even think about it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24324
The natural history of tree nut allergy.Fleischer DM, Conover-Walker MK, Matsui EC, Wood RA.Department of Pediatrics, The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21287, USA.BACKGROUND: Although 20% of children outgrow peanut allergy, the natural history of tree nut (TN) allergy has not been well studied. OBJECTIVE: The goals of the study were to estimate the proportion of children who outgrow TN allergy and examine predictors of outgrowing it. METHODS: Patients with TN allergy, defined as a history of reaction on ingestion and evidence of TN-specific IgE (TN-IgE) or positive TN-specific IgE level but no history of ingestion, were evaluated. If all current TN-IgE levels were less than 10 kilounits of antibody (kU(A))/L, double-blind, placebo-controlled food challenges were offered. Patients who had undergone open TN challenges as part of routine clinical care were also included. RESULTS: Two hundred seventy-eight patients with TN allergy were identified. One hundred one (36%) had a history of acute reactions, 12 (12%) of whom had reactions to multiple TNs and 73 (63%) of whom had a history of moderate-to-severe reactions. Nine of 20 patients who had previously reacted to a TN passed challenges, so that 9 (8.9%; 95% CI, 4% to 16%) of 101 patients with a history of prior TN reactions outgrew TN allergy. Fourteen of 19 who had never ingested TNs but had detectable TN-specific IgE levels passed challenges. One hundred sixty-one did not meet the challenge criteria, and 78 met the criteria but declined challenges. Looking at specific TN-IgE cutoffs, 58% with TN-IgE levels of 5 kU(A)/L or less and 63% with TN-IgE levels of 2 kU(A)/L or less passed challenges. CONCLUSIONS: Approximately 9% of patients outgrow TN allergy, including some who had prior severe reactions. Although ideal cutoffs for challenge cannot be firmly recommended on the basis of these data, patients aged 4 years or older with all TN-IgE levels of 5 kU(A)/L or less should be considered for challenge.PMID: 16275381 [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]=========================================I would suggest you don t try to find out. It could be fatal. Go to the doctors and get tested. A specialist would be best.

QUESTION ID: QB3SESYT48VZRYG
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many hours a day do you homeschool your children?
QUESTION CONTENT: I think I tend to overdo work with my 1st and 3rd graders.  I was wondering how much time do others take to teach their children?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7452
My son gets in about 15 minutes every other Saturday if we are not busy plowing the fields, canning vegetables or slaughtering hogs.Just joking!  Sorry for the flippant answer - not directed at you, the Asker.The answer that uses public school as a benchmark does not understand homeschooling nor do they understand the actual learning time that takes place within the public school system.From the 4.5 hours one must also subtract administrative interruptions, student disruptions, time between classes, startup time for each classroom (attendance, taking up assignments, providing make-up work to absentee students, various other paper work duties that happen throughout the year (particularly at the beginning of a year), etc.) I ll look for stats but my guess based on experience is closer to 3 hours of actual teaching / learning per day.Nor can you compare the time needs of educating 20 - 30 kids en-mass to educating a child or two or three.  It is like comparing apples to oranges.To your question: We also over-did our first year.  We set a full day schedule and stuck to it.   I think we literally covered 2 ps-years in a single year and boy were we whooped afterwards.We have learned to relax even though our son s curriculum is more rigorous (college prep) and we have come to realize and appreciate the unintended learning that goes on by supporting and encouraging the independent pursuit of various interests.If you think you are tending to overdo it then you probably are!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7453
Well, I guess that technically, every waking hour is homeschooling. :)If you mean formal sit-down time: my 7yo son is about 30 minutes, with him free to explore all kinds of things on his own--look through science books, do art or music, we might do a science experiment, read a story, he might play for hours outside... A local principal here told a homeschooling mom that grade 1 children should not spend more than an average of an hour per day on sit-down work. The reason being that they usually need to move more, need more creative stuff. I ve taught in a grade 1 class and so much of it is colouring this image that goes with the work being done and cutting this thing out for science and glueing it to that sheet and listening to story time and waiting for everybody to be ready... At-home learning is usually more focused and intense.For my 10yo, we have a 3-hour block in the morning for work time. She doesn t necessarily do focused work the whole 3 hours, but that s her primary work time.But I consider our more relaxed afternoons part of our homeschooling since there s all kinds of learning that goes on informally. So, add into that field trips, lessons, trips to the library or other activities that get scheduled usually in the afternoons. Our homeschool time could be considered to be from 8am-4pm, except even then, we might do reading or they might do art or even decide to do math after supper. There s a lot of lAnd in response to the person who said that kids should be getting 4 hours of work. Elementary kids in school don t get 4 hours of work on a typical day due to lots of waiting time, listening time, getting ready time, etc., so there s no need for it at home, unless it s what you really want (some programs, like Sonlight, take that long because there s so much reading that goes on).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7454
little ones, like 4-6 need intervals and breaks, or do it all at once and get it done with incentives, like you will be done soon, or if you do your work, you can have 30 extra mintues before nap. etc. forolder, like pre-teen, early teen, i do from 9-12 and then 1- around 5, or when i finish up all the stuff to be done
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12432
I do school about 5 and a half hours a day. You can always do short school days and then let them play outside, read books, do crafts, and they will be learning with out even knowing it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12433
I spend 1-2 hours homeschooling my first grader and he is at or above grade level in reading and math.  He knows a bunch about science and history, but it is hard to compare in those areas because different topics can be taught at different times.2 hours a day should be plenty, if you add to that reading, nature walks, projects, field trips, activities and learning through the course of daily life.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68119
Iwouldn t burn young kids out.I d let them free draw for an hour to so.I d let them play games for 45 minutes to so later on.  Anything they want to.One nice thing to do is sit down together and watch something like Where in the World is Carmen Santiago.Then discuss it.Kids today are horrible at geography
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72667
I don t home school my child nor will I, but I have worked in a school for 7 years. They should be doing amount of work the children in public school are doing. If you minus lunch and Special your looking at around 4- 41/2 hours of work. I hope your children are getting some kind of out side socialization. It s healthy for them to interactive with peers.*Yes children do, they have 6 hours days, with attendance,lunch and special activity removed it leaves with 41/2 hrs. Just like I said.*

QUESTION ID: QB77QSWGBI3LZ4W
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is variations are important to survival?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4320
Variations protects a population from changing in selective pressures. They allow a population to adapt faster to selective pressures since some of it s population already has a natural head-start. It also protects the population against extremely sudden changes in selective pressures.For example, suppose a you had two groups of birds on an island. One group was a single solid brown color. The other had various shades of brown -- from near black to a light tan. Now, assume that the birds in the first group nest/hide in trees of the same brown - giving them some camoflague protection from predators. Those in the second group spend more time in other trees with darker or lighter browns. They aren t as well suited for hiding in one type of tree, but can hide fairly well in a wider variety of trees. However, suddenly their normal trees start dying out -- say pine beatles and drought take out most of the standard brown trees. Suddenly, predators get more easily see the birds and eat them.The one shade of brown group is in serious trouble. It doesn t have any members which are light or dark brown to well hide in other trees. Meanwhile the second group (while many of its members might die off) those with light and darkcoloring might be able to survive by hiding in other trees.Variations in this case provide a hedge against sudden changes in selective pressure.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59512
To adapt to changes and become more effective.

QUESTION ID: QB8R0Z0N3B8KQQV
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are microwaves dangerous?
QUESTION CONTENT: Are microwaves dangerous. If so, how?Is it the light that can cause cancer or somthing?  Or anything else?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87943
Exposure to microwave radiation for extended periods may well cause certain cancers to occur. They may also cause cataracts, birth defects and other serious health problems including nervous system damage, headaches, and pacemaker interference.However, new ovens are typically designed so as not to exceed 1mW/cm2 of radiated power. In addition, any leak that exceeds 5mW/cm2 at a distance of 2 inches from a microwave oven is considered to be dangerous and the oven should not be used. Ovens can deteriorate over time and should be checked to ensure that these limits are not exceeded.This can be done by your local service centre or you can purchase an earth leakage detector and have it on hand to keep a regular maintenance check of your oven. If an oven is in good condition then it would present no more risk then anything else around your home such as eating processed food, using mobile phones, living near HV power lines, or living in your house which exposes you to electromagnetic radiation from the electrical wiring. The other aspect and some area of concern is the safety of eating foods from a microwave. This really depends on the containers used to heat the foodin. Some plastics, for instance, are more prone to the effect of migration . whereby some additives used in plastics are more likely to migrate to foods more than others. The main concern in the past has been in connection with plasticisers which are used to improve the flexibility of some packaging materials. As the tendency for plasticisers to migrate increases at higher temperatures, only those plastics specifically designed for oven use are suitable for cooking. To reduce any possible risk one should;* Use only microwave-safe utensils. * While some packaging films may be labelled microwave-safe care should be taken to avoid direct contact with the food when using them to cover containers or to reheat dinners on plates. * As migration is more likely to occur into hot fatty foods, glass containers are a suitable choice for heating these products. As yet there are no standards for claims such as microwave safe ; if you are in doubt as to the safety of such materials contact the manufacturer or use a ceramic/glass alternative.In the end, I guess time will tell as to what other possible adverse effects, microwave ovens may have on our lifes!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9522
I don t think it is dangerous if you use it properly.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9523
Microwaves AREN T dangerous , in fact the universe is full of them.  But (like all other kinds of radio frequency energy) they are ENERGY, so if they are focused on aspecific area they will cook whatever is there, just like intense heat or light will...

QUESTION ID: QBP77RVOUWG8ATL
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why was the Advanced Photo System (APS) so popular?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 57815
You might ask why anyone ever bought a 2 MP camera, but don t forget that there was a time when people paid over $500 for them.Let s not forget the place of APS film in history.  For the general consumer market, it replaced Disk Film, so it was a step forward.Many people apparently had trouble loading film into the camera correctly and there were various cassettes that came onto the market to remedy this situation.  The early styles (126) were almost as big as the camera minus the lens.  In fact, I remember seeing one device that consisted of a lens that you snapped onto a cassette of 126 film and there you go - you had a camera.  As film improved, the 110 cassette was introduced.  These were really okay, but limited to 3x5 or 4x6 prints.  I have an 8x10 print from 110 film and it is a study grain, to say the least.  It actually works for the subject, though, which is a frozen Delaware Bay.I think Disk film was the same actual film as was used in 110, but I am not sure about this.  Tiny negatives...  Horrible image quality...When APS film came out, it was just a repackaged ultra-fine grain film, thought to have acceptable levels of grain up to 4x10 panoramic prints.  In fact, here s a scan of one...http://www.flickr.com/photo_zoom.gne?id=441244810&size=lIt s probably no worse than this similar scene shot with a respected 6 MP camera:  http://www.flickr.com/photo_zoom.gne?id=944309888&size=l  (Look at the right side of the sample.)The cameras generally offered 3 formats for pictures, which was innovative.  You could select 4x6, 4x7, or 4x10, all on the same roll of film.  There had not been a consumer camera capable of doing that ever before.  I used to use the 4x10 sort of the same way one might use digital zoom, as it worked by simply doubling the print size which meant the print was zoomed in in the darkroom.  Take a 4x10 format of anything you couldn t get quite close enough to and then cut off the ends to make it a 4x6.  Voila!  You had doubled your effective focal length.The beauty of the APS system - if there was one - was that the film was in a cassette when you bought it and it was in still in the cassette when you got it back from processing.  It never had to be touched by human hands and the negatives never got any fingerprints on them.In its day, APS was actually a fine system for its intended purposes.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57816
What school_q said, and the film was small which enabled tiny cameras like the canon elf.http://www.amazon.com/Canon-Elph-Z3-Zoom-Camera/dp/B000063YAN/ref=sr_1_13?ie=UTF8&s=electronics&qid=1199701703&sr=1-13The quality was quite low due to the small film size.a
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57817
Because most people are visually illiterate

QUESTION ID: QCIK4B74KD8Q0CC
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to calculate probability of finding among 300 people, 2 or 3 that share the same birthday?
QUESTION CONTENT: Please put the calculation if you can, ....and thank you so much.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5745
The way to do it is to calculate the probability that they DON T have a common birthday, and subtract that from 100%.Obviously the first person has a unique birthday, the probability is 365/365. What s the probability that the second person s birthday is different? 364/365. What s the probability that the third person s birthday is different from the first two? 363 remaining days, out of 365 possible. Fourth person? 362/365. Continue this all the way down to the 300th person, whose probability of being unique is only 65/365. Now multiply all those fractions together.The numerator is 365x364x363...x65=3.044x10^687The denominator is 365^300=4.874x10^768The quotient is 6.245x10^-82That s really really close to zero.Which means the probability they WILL have some common birthdays is virtually 100%.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5746
a clarification...i am presuming you mean sharing the same month/day but not involving the year; to make my life easier, I will ignore leap days and assume there are 365 days in a year.Imagine one person walks into a room; now, another person walks into the room...what is the prob their birthdays DONT match...since the first person has 1 birthday, the prob of not matching is 364/365now, a third person walks into the room, what is the prob that person does NOT match the other two...this means the third person s b-day must be one of the other 363 days, so the prob that all three dont match is now:364/365*363/365if you continue this for more and more people, you will add on terms to multiply, where each NEW term is (365-n+1)/365 where n means the person is the nth person in the roomThe prob of a match is then 1-prob of not matchingthere is another way of doing this which is quicker but involves a little bitof approximation, but holds well when numbers get large:we know that the prob of no two people matching is 364/365; we can also ask how many pairs of two people are there in the group?  If there are N people in the group, the number of possible two person pairs is N(N-1)/2 (which you get from calculating how many ways there are of choosing 2 people from a group of N).So, suppose we have 23 people in the room; there are 23*22/2=253 ways of choosing pairsthe prob that no given pair is a match is 364/365; the prob that NO pair is a match is (364/365)^253 = 0.4995 meaning that the prob of a match is 0.5005 or just over 50%!!This is the famous result of the so called birthday problem...how many people do you need before there is a 50/50 chance of two people having a match; almost everyone is stunned by this resultSo, if you had 300 people??  there are 300*299/2 = 44,850 possible pairsand the prob of NO match is incredibly small, and is on the order of 10^(-54)hope this gets you started
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5747
This is a well known and interesting problem know at the Birthday Paradox.  I will not take credit for the work and just point you in the direction of the Wikipdeia article on this problem.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birthday_paradox
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65400
This problem represents a binomial distribution.(n C x) * (p)^x * (1-p)^(1-x)n = number in sample (300)x = number with same b-day (2)p = probability of b-day on certain day (1/365)Note: n C x is something you ll want to calculate in your calculator. It represents how many different ways 2 people can be chosen from a crowd of 300.(300 C 2) * (1/365)^2 *  [1 - (1/365)]^298 = .1486330665(300 C 3) * (1/365)^3 *  [1 - (1/365)]^297 = .0405610383.1486330665 + .0405610383 = .1891941048 = the prob. that 2 or 3 people in a group of 300 have the same b-day

QUESTION ID: QCTTD7B8QF35YBO
QUESTION SUBJECT: Can Anyone Explain How To Ruck in Rugby Union or 7 s?
QUESTION CONTENT: I know the basic idea but need a better understanding
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3975
Basically just stay on your feet and keep the ball on your teams side by handling or pushing other players back over it. New rules coming in allow the use of the hands.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3976
Basically all good text book answers.But the real question is why ruck?Avoid at all costs.Rucks are a good opportunity to lose possession.Mauling is preferable and running freely even better.Rucking is all about driving, you can t touch the ball on the deck, so if the ball goes to ground it is an invitation for the team that can get the best drive on to fight to retain or turn the ball over. Even if you can t win the ball but can demonstrate that your team was advancing you will win possession when the ref blows the ruck up with the suggestion that the ball was never coming out or it would be unsafe to continue.But mauling is where its at. Basically the same as a ruck but the ball is off the ground. So much power moving forward. But get this . . . if the maul is brought down it is an instant scrum feed or 3 point play if repeatedly offending. So. . . if you can make it appear as though the opposition are bringing down their own maul, preferable as your team is advancing: sure turn over.In the southern Hemisphere at least these tactics have been common place for so long that in the ELVs or Experimental Law Variations due to be tested in this year s Super 14 championship, allow defending teams to pull the maul down, and if a maul becomes unplayable it is an instant free kick to the team not in possession at the start of the maul.If you have someone who can kick a bit, and a forward pack that knows whats going on - easy points!

QUESTION ID: QDJWCCIJG4FDQHU
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the snow white and ice transparent?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78016
Ice is not transparent; it s actually translucent. This means that the light photons don t pass right through the material in a direct path -- the material s particles change the light s direction. This happens because the distances between some atoms in the ice s molecular structure are close to the height of light wavelengths, which means the light photons will interact with the structures. The result is that the light photon s path is altered and it exits the ice in a different direction than it entered the ice. Snow is a whole bunch of individual ice crystals arranged together. When a light photon enters a layer of snow, it goes through an ice crystal on the top, which changes its direction slightly and sends it on to a new ice crystal, which does the same thing. Basically, all the crystals bounce the light all around so that it comes right back out of the snow pile. It does the same thing to all the different light frequencies, so all colors of light are bounced back out. The color of all the frequencies in the visible spectrum combined in equal measure is white, so this is the color we see in snow, while it is not the color we see in the individual ice crystals that form snow.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26431
Surface effects.Snow crystals are colourless and, viewed closely enough, transparent to visible light like regular ice crystals. They appear white because all those angular surfaces arebound to reflect or let through all the light that hits them.Well-formed ice which is truly transparent is hard to manufacture. It must not have inclusions of air as refraction centres.You don t need single crystals of ice for it to be transparent, but the crystal borders must be continuous to each other.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26432
Txgurl has a very good answer.  I could add though that sunlight is composed of photons (quantum packets of energy) and exhibits as many wavelengths as there are colors in sunlight (made visable in a rainbow).  Photons interact with the electrons orbiting atoms and molecules (including liquid water, ice and snow).  Snow is a dendritic crystal that grows six-sided like (six identical evergreen trees with a common root).Ice can be quite transparent or semi-translucent or very translucent depending on impurities such as trapped air bubbles.  Trapped air bubbles can make ice look white.  When standing on a frozed pond, ice can look black if most of the light passes on through and is lost in the pond water.  The color of ice depends both on surface reflection of light to your eyes and light that enters and turns around coming back out.  Very thick ice (on the side of a frozen cliff) can actually look blue from the oxygen in it (H2O) and from reflection of a blue sky.  Snow looks as white as snow because the snow flake crystals diffuse the pure white sunlight that enters and leaves without absorbing any particular color.In both cases (ice and snow) photons enter, interact with electrons which capture then release similar photons and there is no color change.  If you shined red, blue or green light on ice or snow it would look red, blue or green, etc.When an object looks black, the light photons enter, interact withelectrons and are released as heat rather than light.  A red object captures almost all photons except the red ones, etc.The color of ice and snow therefore depends on how frozen water (and any impurities) captures and releases photons as well as the diffusion of light in the process.

QUESTION ID: QEG2KNRJHT7TC2K
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are most education majors in elementary education?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23929
Presumably because the subject matter is easier and the kids, while not always perfect, are less defiant than teenagers who often don t engender the same amount of sympathy as well as a desire in others to teach them. And because teachers are often comprised of persons with idealistic notions of helping people, and early childhood is the best time to begin that.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23930
Many elementary education students, including myslef, go into elementary education to get their feet wet.  Once you get your degree in elementary education, you can try out teaching with younger students who are generally easier to manage.  This is especially the case of younger teachers who may be intimidated by highschoolers who are only five or six years younger in age.  After gaining some experience in education, it is easier to find your niche and what grade suites you.  Also, for some teachers, I think it is a matter of wanting to work with kids while they are still cute. Kind of like people who fall in love with puppies but don t care for full sized dogs.  :-)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23931
The answer is fairlysimple. As the educational system shifts from elementary to middle to high school, there is a shift towards a more subject oriented focus.Those teaching high school, for instance, are mostly trained in the subject areas that they teach. (i.e. mathematics, science, etc.) It is my belief that many who teach at the high school level do not initially intend to be teachers but to be professionals in their chosen field. The learning to teach is secondary to knowing the specific  subject matter. Elementary teachers, on the other hand, are those who know going into college that they want to teach.  They are, for the most part, female, nurturing individuals who want to work with children. The subject matter of elementary education is teaching methodology.  Much of the curriculum is rudimentary.  For instance, adding three digit numbers is not complicated, however, the teaching of it to young children is the art. Really the only other area of training focused on teaching is special education.  Those majoring in elementary education or special education do well by gaining degrees in each.

QUESTION ID: QER38YGJSTM8GJU
QUESTION SUBJECT: just how special are anti-oxidents?
QUESTION CONTENT: i drink green tea pretty much everyday, apparently its a source of natural anti oxidents ... how helpful are they in preventing cancer? as so i have heard..
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72355
No one knows because people who drink green tea every day still can get cancer. There are over  200 different types of cancer and so far there is no known way to prevent the occurence of every single one of them. What drinking green tea might do is lessen the risk of developing one kind of cancer only . . but than you would contend with the other 199 types. So, just drinking green tea may or may not be helpful . . if you enjoy drinking it, by all means continue, but do not operate under the false security that by drinking tea or focusing on natural anit-oxidants that you will be safe from ever getting cancer. People who have never smoked, don t drink, eat nutrious, watch their weight, have special diets . . all still can get cancer. There is no fool proof way to stop every single kind of cancer . . if there was . . than we d all use it. I know a young man who believed that changing his diet was essential to stopping his cancer. He had surgery to remove a single 2cm tumor and than refused tradional adjuvant chemotherapy. Instead he concentrated on a naturalistic diet andate only veggies. He did this for six months and was stunned at his last doctors visit to learn that during that six month period of eating and living healthy . . his cancer was back and had metastasized throughout the body. His response was that he now realizes that diet alone cannot stop the growth and spred of cancer . . but diet can make you feel healthier and better able to fight the cancer should you ever get it. He is now doing tradional chemo and had a 50 percent response in the past few months.  So . . what does this mean? Bascially that a healthy diet can keep you fit so that you can fight  cancer better . . but it won t stop the progession and spred of disease. Drink your green tea . . but, unfortunately, you can still get cancer no matter how much of it you drink.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16307
their very helpful in preventing cancer as a part of a over all healthy lifestyle.  actually their essential for it.  well that s what they say anyway.     the red apples have got a good one too,   in the skin.  and then you get some pectin as well that helps remove excess cholesterol from your body.  so their a extremely healthy snack.

QUESTION ID: QF0DXS80PCJFXTV
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does a smokeless tobacco harm the body?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 38588
there are two main things in tobacco:1) nictonie2) non nicotine componentschemical science suggests that the non nicotine components drastically change in their structure once they go through the combustion process. tobacco scientists call the post-combustion components nfdpm (nicotine free dry particle matter). this nfdmm has many thousand of which nearly 100 have been identified as carcinogenic. the smoke goes to your lung and heart. so you run the risk of lunch cancer or cardiovascular diseases because of smoking. the 100 carcigens are to be blamed.this finding, contray to what tobacco industry claims, is not just empirical. it is bio-chemically tested. the study is called hoffman or something like that.however, a tobacco product which doesn t have combustion option (for example snuss or chewing tobacco), significantly reduces the risk of lunch cancer and cvds. however, the chewing and the saliva, when mixed with tobacco nicotine, may cause infections and irritations inside your mouth which, in the long run, may lead to oral cancer.this oral cancer theory (involving saliva and stuff) is not bio-chemically full-proof. it is more of an empirical study.i am not a chemist nor a biologist. so please forgive me for mis-spelled names.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14155
It will cause cancer of the mouth, tongue or gums.

QUESTION ID: QGGGAAP71M3TZMO
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to gain muscle and height?
QUESTION CONTENT: i m 13 5 7 and 113 pounds i really need to gain more weight I work out but I just don t have the proper equipment please answer and help thanks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 62319
Hi guy.....you are not the first 13 year old that I ve talked to about similar problems.Please, please just slow down a little.  Most 13 year old boys are short (5 2) and you are not......Most have a lot of baby fat still there (you do not).However, you DO have something in common:  Lack of testosterone!  That won t kick in until you are about 16.  With the testosterone, your muscles will begin to enlarge and your height will shoot up.At your age I would suggest you jog, play hard sports and watch what you eat;;;;;that is, make sure your fast food eating is limited greatly .   It is chocked full of the fats that your body does not need and you will live to regret it.  Limit pastas, and other carbs (if it is white or a bread product of any color, it is a carb) including pizzas which not only is loaded with fats, but the bigger the crust, the worse the carbs.Eat lots and lots of veggies in any shape and form.  Eat lots and lots of fish and chicken (skinless of course....that lets out KFC, eh?)  Under the skin is lots and lots of fat.You don t want to gainweight by eating fats.  Fat does not build muscle, it adds fat....ugh!  You don t need equipment, believe me.  Tell you what, have you ever held a can of veggies in your hands with your arms straight out at your sides?   Have you ever grabbed a 10# sack of potatoes with 2 hands, put them over your head and lowered them behind your head and back up?  Or lowered them to your waist and lifted them back up???  You are in for a treat!!!!All this aside, at 13, you just need to play hard, jog 5 miles, do a bookoo number of pushups for the pecs, and sit ups for the stomach, leg raises for the belly and you can sweat a lot doing this stuff, then wait for your body to grow up a little.You ll be just fine, believe me.....I am an RN (registered nurse)ps  Please don t tie ropes and do that dumb thing that juvenile suggested above.  You are much smarter than that, hopefully.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18011
height?  Eat healthy.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59462
im 13, 5 11 and i weigh 192 pounds.one word to help you out. conditioning. I play right tackle for the offensive line in indiana. i weighed 170 pds and was 5 7. in under a year, i skyrocketed. football is the answer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62320
You can t gain height, but as a boy, you have quite a few years till you stop growing, so be patient.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62321
In regard about how to be taller, you might not want to start working out so soon.This is not true for everybody because every person s body is different, but it is known sometimesit is not a good idea for a young teenager to start lifting weights. The reason is because when you build so much muscle, it inhibits your bone growth. But you can still do some exercises to look buff so you can get chicks. I didn t have proper equipment when I was young, but was able to build and tone my muscles doing various things. Push ups and sits ups are a start. Find anything you can in your house. My mom used to have a microphone stand. I used to unscrew and screw it on to the stand really fast to build up my forearm muscle. It s not WHAT you use to work out, but HOW you work out.Also, you can work out different parts of your chest and arms depending on how far part you put your hands when you do push ups. Spread out your arms wide if you want to work out more on your pecs. Keep your arms in closer to your body if you want to work out tripceps and biceps. You will see the difference because you will feel the burn in different parts of your arms and chest. You do not need fancy equipment or even free weights.Finally, in regards to being taller, make sure you eat right and exercise. Eating protein (meat, eggs, nuts) will help a lot while you are working out. But don t forget about fruits and vegetables too.

QUESTION ID: QGP3Q388667YNAF
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to loose weight?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 16451
The first step is to cut sugar drinks out or your diet. A lot of people can lose ten lbs like this.  The next thing to look at is alcohol consumption.  Alcohol has calories, lots of calories, that is where most of the alcohol in some beers comes from.  A shot of liquor with 0 carbs can have 70 calories.Once you have done this, try to get the rest of your diet under control.  The most important point to remember is that the biochemical processes your body uses to put fat on or burn it away are regulated by your blood sugar.  In response to high blood sugar the pancreas releases insulin, which promotes fat storage and inhibts fat burning.  When your blood sugar is low, glucagon is released which promotes fat burning rather than storage.  This is the theoretical basis for low carb diets, which are generally shown to be effective in the short term, i.e. a few months, maybe a year.  Ketosis will occur, and this is not bad; it is your body s natural response to such a diet, a diet our prehistoric ancestors may have had all winter long. A ketogenic diet was developed years ago by one of the big name medical schools (Johns Hopkins I think, but don t quote me on this) for the control of seizures (seizures are not related to weight loss, but I am trying to say that it is not arandom fad that is foreign to medicine.)You do not have to go low carb to lose weight, but keep your meals small.  Spiking your blood sugar will cause your body to release excess insulin and pile on the pounds.Building muscle will also help your body to burn more calories at rest.  Running a mile each day may help some, but one study that monitored participants 24 hrs per day concluded that a little aerobic excercise once a day does not impact obesity that much; lifestyle does.  That being said, a little aerobic excercise may help with blood pressure and lipid profile, so don t not excercise, just don t count on it for weight loss, unless you are building muscle, which will cause your body to burn more calories 24 hrs / day, even in bed.Caffeine will also help with weight loss.  Glucagon, which I mentioned earlier works by addinng phosphate groups to some enzymes that promote fat burning.  There is another enzyme located in cells called phosphodiesterase that removes these phosphate groups.  Caffeine inhibits phosphodiesterase, thereby enhancing the activity of glucagon.  This will make little difference if your body does not release Glucagon, though.One more important thing to do is get enough calcium.  Calcium also promotes weight loss.  I provide an interesting study about this at the bottom.  The study is complicated, so read the whole thing.Fiber also helps you feel full.  Eat whole grain breads, which will not cause you blood sugar to spike as much and will privde fiber.  Fiber also reduces absorption in the intestines a small amount, so you may crap out some extra calories.Protein takes a lot of energy simply to digest and may help you fel more satisfied.  Also eat slowly so that you have time to feel satisfied, especially if you have not eaten for a while.  If you eat fast, you may feel unsatisfied, keep stuffing yourself and then feel like a beached whale.Finally, like a previous poster said, sleep is also important.  Your body releases growth hormone in sleep, which helps with weight loss.  Also do not eat a bigmeal before bed, this will cause your body to release insulin instead of growth hormone.To summarize:-NO high sugar drinks, diet drinks instead-Get Enough calcium-Eat small meals, and give yourself some time to feel full.  If you have to eat fast, that is fine, but rember it may take a little while for you to feel satisfied.-Try to eat foods with low to moderate amounts of carbohydrates (i.e. it s ok to eat bread on your sandwich, but substitute somethin for the potato chips), and where possible substitute whole grain for simple carbs
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70507
If you eat a high fiber diet, you ll get fuller faster, so you won t have a desire to eat as much. Also, the fiber will bind with toxins to remove impurities from your system. So eat your fruits, nuts, grains, and veggies!!! :P :)

QUESTION ID: QI71Y2UFS8KECBC
QUESTION SUBJECT: how plausible is fusion? cold fusion?
QUESTION CONTENT: cite sources please
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74109
Fusion takes place near the center of the sun where hydrogen gas at extremely high temperature and pressure fuses to make helium gas, releasing heat energy that takes more than a century to reach the surface of the sun and shine. Therefore fusion sustains all life on earth.  In a hydrogen bomb, the conditions of the sun are simulated by a nuclear explosion permitting hydrogen to fuse as in fusion, threatening life on earth.  Scientists are trying to simulate the sun in the laboratory to produce hot controlled fusion to produce heat and power.Cold fusion has yet to be demonstrated to the satisfaction of peer reviewers.  The idea is that given the right combination of materials, hydrogen atoms may be induced to get close enough together to fuse without greatly elevated pressure and temperature.What is needed is a catalyst.  For example, many chemical reactions are possible at usable rates only because a catalyst (that is not used up) permits two atoms or molecules to get close enough to react and fuse.  But that only involves the electrons of the atoms and not their nuclei.  Picture a lot of gas molecules circulating about in a volume at such high speeds that they bounce off each other rather than combine.  Picture a catalyst as a V-shaped surface that permits the atoms to alite and rest in the knotch and then combine.  No known catalyst can support cold fusion as of now because the nuclei must get very close while overcoming powerful repulsive forces.Perhaps there will always be new people working on the problem.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8208
Fusion happens.I ll let you google it.

QUESTION ID: QIQ6RI4DRE4E5F4
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 16724
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8126
The nitrogen and the oxygen molecules in the air have the right dimensions to scatter blue light, but other colors pass through with little problem. So this causes the sky to look blue. (whitish sunlight)-(blue light scattered)= (yellowish sunlight)As the sun sets (or rises), the sunlight passes through more air, and more blue light gets scatted, so the sunlight looks closer to orange or red(whitish sunlight)-(even more blue light scattered)=(red or orange sunlight)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26877
Oh come on now...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69304
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88626
I agree with butterballs this question is getting oldhere is what you do on the yahoo answers page there is a search bar. in the uper left hand corner just a bit below where it says ask your question / my Q&A.type your question in and hit search then read the answers to all the other 233 times this question has been asked in the past monthplease do us all a favor search your questions first.

QUESTION ID: QJ4Z5GWUXNKVXRJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Best book to learn how to draw people?
QUESTION CONTENT: any one recommend anything?I want to do this hardcore, for real. I m serious about learning it this time so i  want the best
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3256
The best resource for learning to draw people is the street- find a place to sketch every day drawing from life. Every day for no less then 20 minuets sit somewhere and draw the people you see. It s all about gesture, what the person is doing, not what they look like. Everyone has a different way of doing it but the general rule is, Use a pen, so you can t get caught up in details or erase mistakes- your supposed to make mistakes that s how you learn. Spend about 1-5 minuets on a drawing - Don t get too anal, don t draw every curl, or eyelash ect. It s about general shapes, proportion and gesture. And most importantly don t tear out pages or cross off images. Every drawing, especially  the bad ones will have something to teach you. You never judge your work while your drawing, if you get frustrated put it away and look at them again the next day. They won t be nearly as bad as you thought they were. This is the best way to learn. I ll spend anywhere from 30 minuets to 5 hours a day sketching from life.  (I m an animation student.) Some authors I recommend are Bumus, Bridgeman, and Hale, Joseph Sheppard isn t bad ether.Here are some links of different sketch books. http://www.themichaelsmith.com/2DImages/LifeDrawing4.jpghttp://www.kitsunestudios.com/images/portfolio/p01_gestures.jpghttp://img227.imageshack.us/img227/1156/qqqq6ha.jpg
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12465
Drawing from the Right Side of the Brain is amazing.It s not too people driven, but if you want a good start, that s the one.

QUESTION ID: QJ8SHPDFK5H1NY4
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can doctors stop the pain medication addiction ?
QUESTION CONTENT: At work lots of people going through detox are for pain meds such as oxycontin and lortab etc.  Most times, if you look at their charts there was a previous injury such as a back or whatever.  A nurse told me that pts will get pain meds to stop the pain, and when they get home they cannot get that some dosage outside.  So you will have the frequent flyers to the hospital.So how can doctors lessen someones pain, without them becoming dependent?What can doctors and nurses do about clock watchers ?Edit:Detox centers would be great, but isn t that after the problem has arised?How about placing a regulated limit on the dosage amt a dr. can order for a pt.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7251
The best thing would be State-mandated detox procedures, including mandatory weaning from addictive drugs (with exceptions based on certain DRGs or with the concurrence of two physicians) with penalties imposed by the State on nurses, doctors, and patients who fail to comply.Use of non addicting medications for pain, such as Ultracet, would also help.  A new class of pain drugs called coniotoxins shows great promise.  But in the end, early, frank, and explicit drug education in our schools, and developing a culture of personal responsibility and accountability, are the only ways that we will make a dent in drug addictions.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67828
There are other pain drugs that are not so addictive. Oxycontin was not known to be as addictive as it was thought, the drug manufactors did not disclose this when they went around selling it to doctors. Also as an alcoholic/addict, I know better than to let a doctor perscribe this to me. The only defense I have is to stay mentally healthy so that I can say no to it. Easier said than done, I realize, because I dont have cronic backpain, but I feel I do harbor some of the responsibility to stay clean.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67829
The problem really is how do you measure pain? Hey Doc I have back pain, do something and yes the person might have a pulled muscle, has lost their job, in the middle of a Divorce or moving house. So stress + pain + depression, a vicious circle because under stress you feel more pain if you are depressed you feel more pain, so you see the Doc rolling around in pain. Now what is the Doc supposed to think? On a scale of one to ten, is this a one, or is this a ten? Therefore the Doc prescribes what he believes is a drug for pain at the scale of 8, when in reality the pain is but 2, but due to outside influences, stress, depression, the Patient has the worst pain on the Planet. Patient takes pills and the pain subsides at the same time the depression is eased and stress reduced, so Patient thinks these pills are excellent. Now the problem is I am about to run out of the drugs and really do not want to be in that deep hole again, so I ask Doc to refill the prescription. Hey Doc the pain has gone, those pills were great, but now the pain is coming back, what do I do? Therefore Doc refills the prescription.Doctors have to trust the Patient, they do not have the time to sit down and ask what is going on in the Patients life outside of the pain. Therefore Patients put all their problems down to the pain and the magic pill is excellent. But now fear takes over, if I stop taking the magic pill, will the bottom fall out of my world. The vicious pain cycle.That is why more and more Charities are offering courses in how to self-manage pain using if you like a hollistic approach. Turn the negatives into positive and postive thinking break the pain cycle. I am not sure why you assume the Doctors should STOP the pain medication addiction, because the Doctors do not have the addiction, but the Patients have the addiction and that can be to alcohol, illegal drugs, you name it. Good Luck

QUESTION ID: QK5H03GJOOAG1ND
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is cancer formed in people ?
QUESTION CONTENT: How is all types of cancer formed ? Is it through  the food we take or some other way .
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37755
There are more than 100 types of cancers; any part of the body can be affected.In 2005, 7.6 million people died of cancer - 13% of the 58 million deaths worldwide.More than 70% of all cancer deaths occur in low and middle income countries.Worldwide, the 5 most common types of cancer that kill men are (in order of frequency): lung, stomach, liver, colorectal and oesophagusWorldwide, the 5 most common types of cancer that kill women are (in the order of frequency): breast, lung, stomach, colorectal and cervicalTobacco use is the single largest preventable cause of cancer in the world.One fifth of all cancers worldwide are caused by a chronic infection, for example human papillomavirus (HPV) causes cervical cancer and hepatitis B virus (HBV) causes liver cancer.A third of cancers could be cured if detected early and treated adequately.All patients in need of pain relief could be helped if current knowledge about pain control and palliative care were applied.40% of cancer could be prevented, mainly by not using tobacco, having a healthy diet, being physically active and preventing infections that may cause cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37756
most babies unbilico cord carries over 200 toxins...187 or so is known to to cancerous....it with us from the begining...i believe it stagnates until proper grounds are formed for it to become alive and attack. The world is doing that to us.....most poor people work outside, in factories, machine shops where the toxins are the most.....
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37757
I just read some of these answers and all of them are wrong. All but one says we definitely get cancer. This is the question, medical science has no idea as to where cancer definitely comes from. The asbestos one IE it stabs the cell how ridiculous. It irritates the cells, and starts a stimulated growth, that is abnormal and, then abnormal growth starts. This is from the asbestosis studies from the Duluth institute of technology studies in 1965 and later after asbestosis was found in miners in the Duluth Mn, area and then the mill workers that worked with asbestos s, I was one of them.   How cancer is formed is a mystery that is why we cannot cure it, only control it in some forms. It is in fact abnormal body cells that run amok and cannot, or are not, under control of the body regulatory system. Whether they are part of the hereditary system or part of the immune system gone amok we have no idea. It is a fact people with cancer have a better chance to get the disease than not but, there is no proof of this either.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37758
The real answer is statistical. Why ?Because cancer is caused when there is a mistake when DNA is replicated and, no matter what you do, there are ALWAYS mistakes when your cells replicate DNA (that s one BIG molecule !). What are the causes of the mistakes ?Well, high energy radiation, such as what we get from the sun, is known to damage DNA through ionization, and some chemical compounds, like PCBs, are known to have a bad interaction (which is called pi-stacking) with DNA... Some other harmful compounds are created just because we happen to need oxygen, a very reactive chemical, to live... There are even some cancers which are caused by viruses. So you basically CAN T keep these mistakes from happening. But living things have adapted to that and have mechanisms which help to repair DNA, or, failing that, mechanisms which will get rid of cells gone bad. One such mechanism is called apoptosis , also called cell-suicide. The immune system also helps in eliminating bad cells.But there is always a chance that all these mechanims fail. This chance will be greater, for example, if your immune system is weakened (such as in AIDS patients), or if you are exposed to harmful chemicals, radiation or viruses. Some food (some fruits and veggies, and some spices  contains anti-oxidants, chemicals which help to neutralize harmful compounds which are produced when breathing oxygen. Those will also lower your risks of developping cancer. But, read me well, NOTHING will completely eliminate the risk. Don t listen to anybody who may pretend otherwise.

QUESTION ID: QMIADBIF3C4AW2Y
QUESTION SUBJECT: What are triglycerides and do I need to lower mine?  How could I lower them?
QUESTION CONTENT: Triglycerides 167mg/dL;  Total Cholesterol:198; :HDL 52:  LDL:  113;  Chol/HDL Ratio:  3.8I would rather lower them naturally without medications.Thanks for any info.I take 2000mg. of Omega 3 fish oils/day  supplying EPA/DHA 500mg
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 89741
What you really need to lower is your cholesterol.  200 is considered high.  A couple of years ago I hit 201.  I started taking One A Day Cholesterol Plus.  One year later, I was at 148.  Two years later, I am at 129.  Buy that vitamin and take it every day.  Triglycerides has to do with too much sugar.  Cut out obvious sugar, and if you drink alcohol, cut back.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89742
I was drinking 1 to 2 cokes a day, and eating out a lot, and my triglycerides were at 220.  My blood was like syrup my wife says.  It s defined pretty well here - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triglyceride.  Your cholesterol isn t all that bad, your body will make it to repair oxidatative damage to your organs and tissues.  If you eat a lot of meat, you ll see it go up.  If you eat a lot of fruits and vegetables you ll see it go down.  Same goes for your triglycerides.  Eat healthy and you ll see things improve.  Don t even think about getting on statin drugs - they put you at undue risk and cause your body to lower your cholesterol when you may need it to repair damage.  If you then need it but don t have it, that means you can t repair damage to your body like you should.  And if you have to take vitamins and supplments, that means you need a crutch because you are not eating right.  You should reconsider your diet.  I will occasionally take good quality supplements from a high quality source like Standard Process when I don t eat well, but a lot of vitamins are derived from coal tar and are only removed as waste.  If you get vitamins don t get them from a cheap source.

QUESTION ID: QNFCNETHYK5Q4FZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Measure Theory - how to prove this?
QUESTION CONTENT: Let (X, M, m) be a mesurable space. Let a -->A(a) be an increasing function from [0, oo) to the sigma-algebra M, that is, A(a) is subset of A(b) whenever a<b. For s in (0, oo), put B(s) = Union (0<= a<s) A(a). Show that B(s) is measurable and that m(B(s)) = lim (a -->s) m(A(a)).Show the conclusion above is still true if s = oo, that is, B = Union (0<= a<oo) A(a) is measurable and m(B) = lim (a -->oo) m(A(a)).The difficulty here is that we don t have a countable collection in the sigma-algebra M.Thank you for any help
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6587
OK, we don t have countable collections, but this problem can be easily reduced to them. And I don t see the need to break up the problem into finite s and s = oo, I think we can treat both situations simultaneously. Let y_n be any strictly iincreasing sequence in [0, oo) that converges to s (s finite or infinite). Then, y_n<s for each n and A(y_n) is an increasing sequence of measurable sets. Put B (s) = Union (n=1, oo) A(y_n). Since now we have a countable union of measurable sets, it follows B (s) is measurable. It s immediate that B (s) is subset of B(s). On the other hand, for every a in [0,s), the increasing character of y_n implies the existence of some n such that y_n>a and, therefore, A(a) is subset of A(y_n). This shows every A(a) is subset of some A(y_n), which, in turn, shows B(s) is subset of B (s). So, B(s) = B (s), and we concluse B(s) is measurable.   The 1st part is now complete. Now, since A(y_n) is an increasing sequence of measurable sets whose union is B(s), it follows from the measure property known as continuity from below that m(B(s)) = lim (n -->oo) m(Ay_n) (1). And since the function a -->m(A(a)) is increasing (consequence of the monotonicity of the measure and of the function a -->A(a)) and (1) holds for every strictly increasing sequence y_n in [0, oo) such that y_n -->s, it follows from the properties of limits of real functions that m(B(s)) = lim ( a -->s) m(A(a)), as stated.The proof is now complete and holds for every s in [o, oo](including oo).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21092
Let s_n->s as n->oo with s_n<s_(n+1). B(s) = Union (0<= a<s) A(a)=Union (n=1..oo) A(s_n)which is measurable because it s the countable union of measurable sets. Similarly m(B(s)) =m(Union (n=1..oo) A(s_n))=sup(Union (n=1..oo) A(s_n))=lim (n -->oo) m(A(s_n))=lim (a -->s) m(A(a))

QUESTION ID: QNW0UV3B7WPLB52
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people that develop cancer ( especiallu colorectal)  usually lose alot of weight, and very fatigued?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85374
There are different reasons, but one of the primary reasons is that the tumors are a part of the human body. Sometimes they even develop their own blood supply. What happens is that the tumors are very demanding and taxing on the normal body functions. The body feeds the tumor, just like it feeds all organs within the body. Our  body does not recognize cancer as something that s not suppose to be there. Which is another reason it is so difficult to get rid of it. The result of the body feeding the tumor(s) is loss of normal body weight and fatigue. The tumors not only thrive on and take the body s nutrition, it saps the body of energy too. Our bodies mistaken cancer tumors as just another organ(s) that needs nutrition and energy to thrive.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38495
Anything that has to do with the digestive tract, is going to make you NOT want to EAT....cuz what you eat, you have to poop out.Usually it hurts. Thus the wieght loss, lack of eating and a lot of going to the bathroom is exhausting!!!!Also, people with cancer are told to eliminate all animal fat from their diets........So, they are lacking in protein.  thus making them more fragile, and fatigued.Cancer is the new normal for you friend.I only have Ulceative Colitis........which means if I eat, I go to the toilet 3-12 times a day, and it s very painful.Cancer drugs, and treatments are not fun, and very depressing.there are many complex answers to your question.DepressionFear of Eating due to having to Eliminate the food thru the colon.Drugs they are on for treatment.Diet RestrictionsDieting to extremes to be healthier-- my dad did that. it was insane!

QUESTION ID: QONBNOQ2RMEMK1N
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is there Uranium in Elliot lake mine?
QUESTION CONTENT: What I mean is what is the reason of uranium existing there? why? how did it get there?.....etc
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 67833
The rock at Elliot Lake is a pebble conglomerate.  It is a sedimentary rock, formed, geez I can t remember but lets say about 2.7 billion years ago.What is interesting about this deposit is that it is similar to a gold placer deposit, a deposit where heavy metallic minerals derived from erosion accumulated in sediments.  There is some indication that at least some of the uranium was added by groundwater after the sediments were deposited, but most of it appears to have been transported as grains in moving water, which is pretty rare. Uranium is mobile in water under oxidizing conditions, and forms solid minerals under reducing conditions.  So, for placer deposits to form, the atmosphere had to have a low oxidation state, and that is why such deposits of uranium are only found in very old sediments.More recent deposits of uranium tend to be associated with places where oxidizing groundwaters pass into reducing sediments.  Anyway, presumably what happened at Elliot Lake was that a lot of uranium was transported in groundwater to the surface, where it formed minerals, but not in any high concentrations.  During erosion of the rock that contained these uranium minerals, the uranium minerals were moved in fast-running streams and deposited with less dense pebbles derived from regular rocks.I have a sample of uranium ore from Elliot Lake in a bucket somewhere (I visited the mine a long time ago).  The sample isn t too hazardous because the amount of uranium in it is very small, I didn t get it in one of the ruicher zones.  Mostly it is pyrite and quartz pebbles.  It is an interesting rock.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7260
I m not really familiar with the mine, but wikipedia says it s a mine in Ontario, and it s located in the Canadian Shield.The canadian shield is a geologic region that represents the core of the north american continent.  It s the oldest rock in north america, and everything else has glommed onto it.  There are a lot of complicated rocks including greenstone belts, and crazy metamorphic rocks.Now, Uranium is a fairly common element, and I assume that the granite (or other igneous/metamorphic rock) in the area has an economic amount in it.  Uranium commonly replaces other elements in common granitic minerals, such as feldspar, on up to amphiboles.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7261
Different minerals get concentrated in different ways.  Under high temperature and high pressure, water will dissolve many things.  As that water works its way toward the surface, the pressure and temperature decrease and some of the dissolved minerals will precipitate out.As molten rock freezes, minerals freeze at different temperatures so some minerals will get concentrated in the areas that freeze last.  There are other methods as well.

QUESTION ID: QOT1KI0E00HAEW2
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78331
So, no exaggeration, this question has already been asked 242 times.Click here and pick any one of the 242 other times it has been answered.http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result;_ylt=ApcCtkKIi948yQtWwUP7x27py6IX?p=sky+blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78332
The sky is (roughly) that part of the atmosphere or of outer space visible from the surface of the earth (or any other planet; see Skies of other planets). Birds, airplanes, and kites are often considered to fly in the sky. It is difficult to define precisely for several reasons. During daylight the sky has the appearance of an opaque blue surface, but this is the result of the air scattering sunlight. There is no blue object above the earth in any normal sense, so it is hard to say what object the sky is. The sky is thus sometimes defined as the denser gaseous zone of a planet s atmosphere. At night the sky has the appearance of a black surface or region scattered with stars. But if we then say that the sky is the entire visible universe,it would not be the same thing we see during the day. The color of the sky is a result of diffuse sky radiation. On a sunny day the Earth sky usually looks as a blue gradient - dark in the zenith, light near the horizon (due to Rayleigh scattering). It turns orange and red during sunrise and sunset, and becomes black at night.During the day the Sun can be seen in the sky, unless covered by clouds. In the night sky (and to some extent during the day) the Moon, planets and stars are visible in the sky. Some of the natural phenomena seen in the sky are clouds, rainbows, and aurorae. Lightning can also be seen in the sky during storms. As a result of human activities, smog during the day and light radiance during the night are often seen above large cities (see also light pollution).In the field of astronomy, the sky is also called the celestial sphere. This is an imaginary dome where the sun, stars, planets, and the moon are seen to be travelling. The celestial sphere is divided into regions called constellations.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78333
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78334
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue

QUESTION ID: QP07SRHK5GKNASE
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can we make curing cancer a global priority?
QUESTION CONTENT: Cancer kills 7 million people worldwide each year. Yet it is a treatable disease that???in time???is beatable. However, in today???s troubled global environment, valuable resources that would otherwise go to cancer research are frequently re-directed by the crisis du jour. What can we, as individuals and as a global community, do to focus&mobilize our governments to find the cures that will make cancer a fear of the past?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84097
There are more than 100 types of cancers; any part of the body can be affected.In 2005, 7.6 million people died of cancer - 13% of the 58 million deaths worldwide.More than 70% of all cancer deaths occur in low and middle income countries.Worldwide, the 5 most common types of cancer that kill men are (in order of frequency): lung, stomach, liver, colorectal and oesophagusWorldwide, the 5 most common types of cancer that kill women are (in the order of frequency): breast, lung, stomach, colorectal and cervicalTobacco use is the single largest preventable cause of cancer in the world.One fifth of all cancers worldwide are caused by a chronic infection, for example human papillomavirus (HPV) causes cervical cancer and hepatitis B virus (HBV) causes liver cancer.A third of cancers could be cured if detected early and treated adequately.All patients in need of pain relief could be helped if current knowledge about pain control and palliative care were applied.40% of cancer could be prevented, mainly by not using tobacco, having a healthy diet, being physically active and preventing infections that may cause cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87527
Didn t Cindy already ask this?

QUESTION ID: QQ45OQRH38YV2SF
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can they avoid high blood pressure?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20184
There is no such thing as high blood pressure . There is no such thing as the blood pressure , -nor low blood pressure , nor normal Blood Pressure . It doesn t exist, - except in the minds of the medical profession.........Lisa T. -I have much in common, and much sympathy with you. Your daughter s distress is simply because the whole, world-wide medical profession (sadly, including the AMA and its President, your friend, and the BMA, and the various Hypertension Societies) have systemically misinterpreted the physiology and Physics of the cardiovascular processes. You ll live to see the results of my findings, work, and conclusions; -sadly, I shan t. The technical details of the processes involved in the workings and regulation of the cardiovascular system are probably too arcane to be understood outside by laymen, but they nevertheless are basic and very clear. Quite simply the cardiovascular system doesn t work in the way the medical profession (world-wide) thinks it does. It works the same way as any closed-loop, pressurised mechanichal system does. Analysis is logical, straightforward, and elementary. But they need cardiovascular physicists to do it, - not doctors.I presume the negative rating was given by a doctor ... but then, as Mandy Rice-Davies said he would say that, wouldn t he? But thanks anyway !
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72296
If I had to be serious about that, I would say AVOID going to the Dr s. Office!!! For example the other day my daughter had Oral surgery (Wisdom Teeth) all four were removed. After she came home she PASSED out twice when her BP plummeted to the Floor!!! The Dentist actually had the nerve to tell me that was NORMAL!!!!!  Then her BP went Sky High, 170/129.....Hmmm I m still debating whether or not to turn him into the American Medical Board....He said I was over reacting....Trying to limit the amount of Stress you have in your Life is ONE very good way to limit High BP...don t become over weight and exercise...Buy a Blood Pressure Monitor and Learn to take your BP once every day at around the same time. This I learned from my Cardiologist, who is the President of the American Heart Assn....So I m Not just blowing smoke here....Live Long, Live Happy, Love Life.....

QUESTION ID: QQ7SK2KGWVCSSV8
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many plays did shakespeare write?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75372
The general consensus is that Shakespeare wrote thirty-seven plays (see list below). However, no one can know for certain because of the inexact documentation at the time the plays were first being organized and published. If we include The Two Noble Kinsmen and two lost plays attributed to Shakespeare, Cardenio and Love s Labour s Won , then we could say he wrote, either alone or in collaboration, forty plays. Moreover, in the last few years many critics have begun to reassess a play called Edward III , currently grouped with a collection of eleven other plays known as the Shakespeare Apocrypha. Edward III bears striking similarities to Shakespeare???s early histories. Another play, Sir Thomas More has also been under debate.  Handwriting analysis has led scholars to believe that Shakespeare revised parts of Sir Thomas More , but, like Edward III , it is not part of the standard collection of Shakespeare s plays. For more information on Edward III or the Shakespeare Apocrypha, please see the links to the right. The PlaysComedies The Tempest , The Two Gentlemen of Verona , The Merry Wives of Windsor , Measure for Measure , The Comedy of Errors , Much Ado About Nothing , Love s Labour s Lost , A Midsummer Night s Dream , The Merchant of Venice , As You Like It , The Taming of the Shrew , All s Well That Ends Well , Twelfth Night , The Winter s Tale , Cymbeline , Pericles, Prince of Tyre , Troilus and Cressida Tragedies Coriolanus , Titus Andronicus , Romeo and Juliet , Julius Caesar , Macbeth , Timon of Athens , Hamlet , King Lear , Othello , Antony and Cleopatra Histories 1,2, and 3 Henry VI , 1 and 2 Henry IV , King John , Richard II , Richard III , Henry V , Henry VIII 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24077
a billion... no prolly like 7
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24078
By my count, 38Comedies (16)The TempestThe Two Gentlemen of VeronaThe Merry Wives of WindsorMeasure for MeasureThe Comedy of ErrorsMuch Ado About NothingLove s Labour s LostA Midsummer Night s DreamThe Merchant of VeniceAs You Like ItTaming of the ShrewAll s Well That Ends WellTwelfth Night or What You WillThe Winter s Tale Pericles, Prince of TyreThe Two Noble Kinsmen Histories (10)King JohnRichard IIHenry IV, part 1HenryIV, part 2Henry VHenry VI, part 1Henry VI, part 2Henry VI, part 3Richard IIIHenry VIIITragedies (12)Troilus and CressidaCoriolanusTitus AndronicusRomeo and JulietTimon of AthensJulius CaesarMacbethHamletKing LearOthelloAntony and CleopatraCymbeline
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24079
Shakespeare wrote 28 plays in a 14 year span,(1594 to 1608). Two plays a year.1590-94: He wrote comedies, histories, and tragedies      The Comedy of Errors, Henry VI(parts I,II,II)       Richard III, The Taming of the Shrew, Titus        Andronicus, The Two Gentlemen  of Verona, and      King John.1595-1600: He wrote historical drama and romantic comedies       A Midsummer Night s Dream, Richard II, Love s       Labour s Lost, Romeo and Juliet, The Merchant       of Venice, Henry IV(parts I and II), As You       Like It, Julius Caesar, Much Ado About        Nothing, Twelfth Night, and The Merry Wives       of Windsor.1601-1608: He wrote of his greatest tragedies        Hamlet, All s Well That End s Well, Measure       for Measure, Othello, King Lear, Troilus and       Cressida, Macbeth, Timon of Athens, Pericles,       Antony and Cleopatra, and Coriolanus.1609-1613: He wrote 3 comedies and a history       Cymbeline, The Winter s Tale, The Tempest,       and Henry VIII.He wrote a total of 152 poems. 126 are addressed to a young nobleman and the remaining 26 are addressed to a young woman with whom he may have had a love affair.

QUESTION ID: QU55R2PVR2Y2O6J
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do cell phones cause brain tumors?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88974
You are misinformed. There are no studies that provide conclusive proof that cell phones cause cancer. Just the opposite . . after ten years or more of studies the majority indicate that cell phones do not cause cancer. Three evidence based studies were recently completed and no conclusive evidence exists that cell phone usage causes any type of cancer. A long term Danish study even confirmed the results: Results of the long-term cohort study, which linked data on all of the 420,095 cellular telephone users in Denmark between 1982 and 1995 to the Danish Cancer Registry, agree with the findings of the case-control studies. Cellular phone use, even for more than 10 years, was not associated with an increased risk of developing brain tumors or cancer overall, nor was there an association with any brain tumor subtypes or with tumors in any location within the brain. As in the case-control studies, no link was found between brain tumor risk and RF dose, as assessed by length of cellular phone use, date since first subscription, age at first subscription, or type of cellular phone used. American Cancer Society: Cellular Phoneshttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/PED/content/PED_1_3X_Cellular_Phones.asp
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49199
the signal s waves go through your brain and can cause problems.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88975
This is not a known fact but I certainly would not discount it! It is stll early days and time will tell as it did for smoking, asbestos related products and countless of chemicals and herbacides. The simple fact is that everyone should be aware that the longer you use the phone the greater the adverse affects are likely to be. Although there is no proof to indicate that mobile phones can cause cancer, there is sufficient debate to cause doubt as to the relative safety. As a telecommunications engineer I am aware of the power density levels produced by mobile phones and the effect they can have on different people. Mobile phones transmit using radio frequency radiation (RFR). Dependant on the network this can range between 800MHz and 2GHz. These are radio waves located within the electromagnetic spectrum. X-rays which are known to cause cancer through ionizing radiation are also within the electromagnetic spectrum, however, RFRs cannot cause cancer in the same way as x-rays because RFRs are non-ionizing.However, high levels of RFRs can cause health effects through heating the human body (thermal effects). To address this health effect, the Radiocommunications (Electromagnetic Radiation Human Exposure) Standard 1999 specifies limits on public exposure to RF radiation from mobile phones. The limits set by this Standard are only a fraction of the levels needed to cause thermal effects.Whilst itcannot be shown at this point in time that the thermal effects from mobile phones are a health hazard there is a considerable body of scientific literature which describes the effects of RFR in biological systems that cannot be directly attributed to heating. These effects are referred to as non-thermal and have been demonstrated to cause alteration in animal behaviour, or changes in the functioning of cell membranes.Some more reading below;

QUESTION ID: QUIKQVF4BPGC1ZK
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do u get cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46030
alot of cancer is inherited you may get it from your mom dad grandparents ect.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81130
Well It s a good question! Shows you are inquisitive...All for majority of cancers the cause is unknown; much research in this field has lead to a lot of findingsI ll share something that I know.....1... Constant exposure to carcinogens can lead to cancerThe best example is smoking with lung cancer. It has been proven beyond doubt that smoking does increase your risk of not just lung cancer but several other cancers including stomach, esophagus, renal cancer..How do carcinogens cause cancer??.....the process is termed metaplasia....In simple terms- Constant irritation by the toxins(for example toxins in smoke) cause minute destructions...This leads to healing...Since you are constantly exposed there is an ongoing cycle of destruction and healing..and at any time the healing process could get out of hand leading to cancer. How come fibre less diet cause colon cancer?? The same mechanism...Low fibre content leads to less bowel activity so the food is in the colon for a prolonged time...Which exposes the colon to some carcinogens in food for prolonged time2...Certain infections can lead to cancerThe best example is Human papilloma virus causing the cervical cancerThe mechanism is similar to what i described for toxins...Instead of the toxin here it is the organism itself causing the destructionViruses also cause cancer through genetic mechanisms..shich is described next3....GeneticsAs you might be knowing the cells in our body is in a continual cycle of division..THere are some genes which control this division...some times certain viruses can knock off this gene and result in unrestricted cell division..Radiation is another cause which can do the same..The best example is skin cancers due to UV light exposure!!Apart from this you can also get it from parents...The best example is Retinoblastoma..a tumour of eye...Which can run in family-which again is due to a mutation in the genethese are the major causes for cancer....But in many cases it s still unknown
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81131
Cancer can be inherrited or it can come from the inviroment

QUESTION ID: QUK2M8IQCDS0BXY
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do some Heart Attack victims exhibit bad indigestion?
QUESTION CONTENT: My students and I are reading Gary Paulsen s Hatchet.  When the pilot is having a heart attack, he passes gas.  Although I ve seen many sites that say indigestion can be a symptom, I can t seem to find an adequate explanation as to why.  Please include any web sites that might be of assistance.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86311
It s strange you ask that question. My cardiologist told me my coughing and indigestion are not signs of a heart condition and were not caused by it either,I disagree totally and here s why. My family has a serious history of heart problems on my fathers side and strokes on my mothers side- so my siblings and I have inherited the best of both worlds!I have seen every single family member that developed a heart condition or had a heart attack develop both coughing and indigestion! I had this nagging cough for about a year and kept going to the doctors. I got every diagnosis imaginable until one sunny day they found my heart had four substantial blockages! Once I had those rascals taken care of, the cough went away immediately but I still suffer from the indigestion. It has gotten worst to the point it drives me insane at times. I saw my mother do exactly the same thing in her last few years of life! Every male member of our family has either died of a heart attack or been stricken with a heart condition by age 45! There has to be some correlation between the two!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41513
When your body detects an emergency, like a heart attack, it shunts blood away from your digestive tract and to places where it is needed...heart, brain, arm and leg muscles, whatever.  This means that the stomach and intestines can no longer function at peak efficiency, and the heartburn and flatulence are symptoms of the reduced efficiency.

QUESTION ID: QUPJU6QXAEK60NV
QUESTION SUBJECT: How likely is it that the ovarian cancer is being missed?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have been to doctors 3-4 times for bloating, sweating profusely, irregular periods, nausea(frequently), pain with intercourse, extremely tired, constipation, dizzy(off and on) and I have had an ovarian cyst 13 years ago. My gut feeling is that something is really wrong and getting worse FAST!! Im tired of hearing it is just stress!!! I know something is all out of sorts, there is no way I walk around feeling like this ALL day, pain , discomfort all day without soemthing being wrong, your take on this please.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84370
If you feel like something is wrong, then you need to trust your instincts. Don t let a doctor tell you nothing is wrong when you feel otherwise!Here s a website on ovarian cancer: http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/ovarian-cancer/DS00293The early warning symptoms of ovarian cancer are:         * Abdominal pressure, fullness, swelling or bloating    * Urinary urgency    * Pelvic discomfort or painAdditional signs and symptoms that women with ovarian cancer may experience include:    * Persistent indigestion, gas or nausea    * Unexplained changes in bowel habits, including diarrhea or    constipation    * Changes in bladder habits, including a frequent need to urinate    * Loss of appetite* Unexplained weight loss or gain    * Increased abdominal girth or clothes fitting tighter around your waist    * Pain during intercourse (dyspareunia)    * A persistent lack of energy    * Low back painThe diagnostic tests for ovarian cancer can include a pelvic exam, ultrasound, and CA 125 blood test.If I were you, I would find a doctor that specializes in hard to treat cases (try a well known teaching hospital or clinic - my mom is having really good luck with UCLA for her yet-undiagnosed respiratory problem).Hope this helps, and good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84371
I had cancer and my symptoms were nothing like yours, I had pain and bleeding, my periods lasted anywhere from 2 wks to 6 wks each time. started out spotting all month long. You can have the C125 blood test that will tell right away if cells are present. Ultrasound can also detect tumors. You have to beleive in your doctor if you dont find another doctor. Dont hesitate to get a second opinion.

QUESTION ID: QURSRN2A3P3QF56
QUESTION SUBJECT: why can t we make a time machine?
QUESTION CONTENT: what is preventing america from making a time machine? I don t get it! Just a thought. I mean, it wold b pretty cool to go back in time.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41395
in theory, it is very possible to make a time machine.however, time is a vector. that means that the smallest amount of time can be measured ( 1 second or even less than that) and time tends to travel only in one direction ie the forward direction. people are born, they grow up, start to age and then die. you never see it happen in the reverse direction.therefore, to use a time machine means that you re tearing the fabric of time, reversing events. u might just go back in time, to before when u were born, and so that would produce a problem because u wouldnt be alive yet. if u carry a grudge against ur great grandfather and go back in time and kill him, then ur grandfather wouldnt exist, ur father/mother wouldn t exist either and consequently u wouldn t be alive. such problems should be avoided by not building a time machine. so even if scientists want to, there are huge, unimaginable circumstances to deal with first.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41396
Perhaps we can travel forward in time - if travelling through space (with some currently unknown technology) for 2 hours at a speed close to light speed then when we return to earth in that 2 hours 2 years had passed??As for going back in time, can t be done and even if it could be done and you altered a history changing event that would be a different space time continuim than the one you left meaning those you left behind still go down that old path whereas you created a new path.

QUESTION ID: QWYKTIDHJ66Q46L
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does aging affect learning?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 21499
A new study in rats suggests that aging by itself may not affect brain systems responsible for important aspects of learning and memory.However, the research found that the combination of old age and pre-existing brain pathology led to serious problems in a brain system that is crucial for normal cognitive abilities.For more information, please visit: http://researchnews.osu.edu/archive/agebrain.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21498
I think attitude and expectations have a greater effect than raw age.Many people seem to think that learning is no fun and that they can stop. This might be after a certain amount of schooling, or some success in a profession or after some personal achievement. I believe that this is due to attitude, not aging.I m giving a personal viewpoint from age 60. This week I ve listened to about five hours of college lectures (courtesy of The Teaching Company)(1), watched a video on how to install a pedestal sink (Ask This Old House)(2) and completed the wall piping today in preparations for this. I m reading a book, lent to me by a nurse that enjoyed it, titled The Four Agreements that is supposed to represent ancient Toltec wisdom and which I m finding fascinating.I ve read medical reports which say that a habit of continuous learning help to delay the onset and progress of Alzheimer s.My favorite childhood author, Robert Heinlein, died at 83, and he was studying Chinese at the time. He had slowed down on the books he wrote, but he still had things in the works.Piers Anthony Jacob, who writes under the name Piers Anthony, was born in 1934, which makes him 11 years older than me. He s still learning, still writing. Check out his bio. (3) You may have read some of his books. If not, have fun. He tries to answer fan letters. You might try this question on him.I feel sorry for those who have been convinced that they cannot learn after a certain age. What a horrible thing to believe!

QUESTION ID: QXKGKYUSBWDDEKO
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to create nature poem?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2608
In order to create a good nature poem, you first must understand the beauty of what you are writing about. Go outside and close your eyes. You can even lay down on the ground if you want. Close up all your other senses except sound. Really listen to what nature sounds like. Then open your eyes and observe it. Then sniff it; then touch it, etc.Once you feel that you can explain it well from your observations,  begin your poem. First, figure out exactly what your topic will be. Then, decide how you will organize your poem. Will it rhyme? Will it be free verse or an organized pattern? Who will you be in the poem - will you be there or just the poet? Will nature be calm and comforting or wild and untamed? Consider what will work with your specific topic.Now you can get ready to write. Make sure that you have enough time to finish. Writing a poem with a time limit is the worst thing you can do. If at all possible, be outside when you write it - in a park, in the woods, in a canyon, or even in your own backyard.When you set your pen to paper, try not to direct your poem - this will give it a forced feel. Try to let it go where it wants to go. This is very hard, but if you concentrate, I m sure you can do it.Now, you can begin to write! Don t worry about how it soundsor looks - that comes later. Just get down your ideas, all of them. You will delete what you don t like later. Once you have a fair first draft, read through it. Decide what parts you like and don t like. Move around sentences, change words, add lines, etc. This still doesn t have to be finished, but the main point is to have it get the point across that you want to get across.Leave the poem for a few days. Then, when you come back to it, read over it again. Edit it more. Now you may be finished - remember, a poem is only finished when it communicates the point that you were trying to say. If you are finished, show it to friends and family and ask for their feedback. Post it on Yahoo!Answers if you want to. Getting feedback from peers and even people who are not your peers is a SUPER important step in poetry.Once you re finished, type it up on the computer or make a fair handwritten copy. Display it on your refrigerator, give it to friends, or hang it on the wall. Don t be shy!! Poetry is meant o be shared!!Good luck and show it to me when you write one! Sorry for the super long explanation!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2609
poem is nothing but the feelings one who veiw from his point of view all u have to do is when you see a nature how do you feel discribe it  with short and sweat words
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2610
Good morning Maya,  I ll assume the first A sounds like an I Three times in the last two days, I offered an answer stating Nature is second only to Love, in creating and expressing through Poetry.Unless one is blind (no offense to any) Inspiration is everywhere, as are a few web sites that offer rhyming words, if you wish to go that way.Seasons are as easy, as just the pure visualization of nature. Leaves blow, just before Winterlike so many twisted brown sailstorn from the masts that held them green Steven WolfJust some old guy
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2611
Hi Maya.....nature...and nature poetry! ok...to write a nature poem, you must observe the nature....you must observe what s going on in nature...you must observe the changes in nature...nature exhibits itself in two forms...1. As a silent meditator2. And a violent revoutionaryAs Mr. Steven Wolf said above, nature is second only to Love. And a poet first in love, will turn secondly to nature. The romance in his heart will tend him to the softer side of nature. He will delight in the music of birds. So if you are a lover, be with the softer side of nature...its pleasantness......as Wordsworth says I wandered lonely as a cloud But if your heart is a burning one, reacting to the contemporary situations---wars, cries, agonies, miseries, poverty and every deserted state....bring in the violence of nature....tornados, tempests, the engulfing waves and all...As you see in Shelley s poem Ode to the West Wind 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2612
Go outside. Observe nature. Take in the scene and start jotting down thethings you notice - things you see, how it makes you feel, what you re thinking about as you look at the sky, or the grass, or the trees, or whatever. If you can t go outside, find a compelling nature photo and try to imagine yourself in the scene - what would it feel like? What would you see there? Why is it important?In the meantime, read some great nature poetry - William Wordsworth s Tintern Abbey or William Cullen Bryan s Thanatopsis, for example. See how they use imagery to paint a picture in your mind. ...Therefore let the moonShine on thee in thy solitary walk;And let the misty mountain-winds be freeTo blow against thee... 

QUESTION ID: QY70HE5V730TICL
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you get rid of pregnancy nausea?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77319
Cinnamon tea, an old herbal remedy may help and it does not cost much to try it if you like and can drink cinnamon tea.  Steep 2 ??? tablespoon cinnamon bark or powder in boiling water for ten minutes.  Strain, add honey to taste and drink ??? cup three times a day before meals.  You may also buy herbal cinnamon tea bags available at most supermarket.Pregnancy is such an exciting time in life, but for some it is marred by the discomfort of morning sickness or nausea. This is most unpleasant at best and if severe, dehydration can cause multiple problems. None of this is necessary as there is an effective way to relieve the nausea with Myofascial Trigger Point Therapy (Applied pressure to trigger points in a muscle area).Although it has not been proven, the ongoing theory is that hormonal changes trigger spasm in the Pyloric Sphincter (the muscle surrounding the opening that leaves the stomach). Because Myofascial Trigger Point Therapy can relieve muscle spasms of all sorts, it can also relieve the Pyloric Sphincter spasm causing morning sickness, known in the medical field as Hyperemesis Gravidarum. The nausea can start about the 4th week of pregnancy up until the 12th week and for some into the 2nd   trimester.However, I have discovered an easy method to eliminate morning sickness.  During this stage, the trigger points in the Pyloric Sphincter area are very tender, usually painful and just too uncomfortable to put pressure on one self; therefore you will need a friend or your husband to help you. You may feel nauseated right afterwards but do not feel discouraged there will be relief a bit later. You may need to repeat this every 3 hours if the nausea returns. If the trigger points are too tender to repeat every 3 hours, repeat every 6 hours. This way you can at least get some food and fluids down to maintain good nutrition.If the nausea is severe, try eating only food, (omitting liquids) at meal times and take your fluids between meals. Milk just brought to the boil and then refrigerated is quite pleasant and a good food source.Let me explain why it works and how I discovered it. I am a Registered Nurse and have worked many years in the anti-partum unit at a good size hospital in Orange County. This unit treats patients with difficult pregnancies. One of the common problems is dehydration due to severe nausea called Hyperemesis Gravidarum.  Most doctors prescribe intravenous fluids and medication for nausea.  This does not always work and the nausea and vomiting often continues which puts the patient in a starvation situation forcing the treating doctor to order Hyper alimentation fluid.  A complete nutritional fluid given intravenously that costs approximately $500 a bag and is given over a twenty-four hour period.  The patient is still nauseated and vomiting but is fed nutritionally and may need this feeding for 2 to 3 weeks and sometimes more.Now I found that if I used an easy method of helping the pregnant mom and taught her husband how to help his wife, when she was first admitted and given some intravenous fluid she would go home in a day or two.  However if I was not on duty and and the patient had been started on the Hyper alimentation fluid, my method did not seem effective. The patient would still suffer nausea although she would receive adequate nutrition.So if you are pregnant, fear nausea and want to make sure you feel good all the time and not have to go through all this hospital suffering, you may want to print this health tip.  Have your husband help with the procedure even before you experience nausea, just as a preventative measure.NOTE: This procedure may also bring some very quick relief from gastric problems when they are caused by spasm of the Pyloric Sphincter.FOLLOW THIS EASY METHOD:Xiphoid Process.gif (7811 bytes)1) Have the mother lie flat on her back with her helper to one side.2) Start two inches below the Xiphoid Process which is the bottom tip of the Sternum. This is in the middle of the chest below the breast bone where the ribs meet in a triangle.3) As shown in the picture, start at the midpoint A in this soft triangular spot and apply pressure gently straight down with the tips of the middle three fingers of one hand; Hold for seven seconds.4) Now ease up part of the way and move to the left one-half inch and apply pressure to point B in the same manner, again holding seven seconds and gently easing up.5) Do the same at point C on the right, pressing, holding seven seconds and easing up.It gives us such a powerful feeling when we can help ourselves and I am delighted that I can share this with you.Remember to read my tips on Diaper Rash, Colic and Teething in babies.Also do not forget to read about food supplements (specially the natural supplement (MSM) and make sure you give your babies all the Vitamins and minerals needed for their healthy development.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25886
A lot of people I know use crackers. They say it helps.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25887
It is normal to have nausea in the first trimester and then it subsides after that but there has been some women that has had the nausea through out their pregnancy, But the onlything that i can tell you that has worked for me is to take and eat some crackers, or pretzels to help with the nausea. Hope this helps you.

QUESTION ID: QZ2IE5IGWL63S22
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i make my backhand springs straight?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71655
Do you mean your legs straight? Well, that really just takes a lot of practice. Try doing backhandspring down an incline mat and that helps keep your legs straight because you don t have to shift your weight as much.If you mean keeping your arms straight, then you just have to lock your elbows and keep your arms strong! This may take some strength training.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71656
Starting positionFirst get a running start but make sure that you build enough momentum(because you start off with none)then run as fast as you can (the faster you go the better the backhand spring)but make sure before you jump you are in a standing position with your feet together, your knees together, and your arms by your ears. Put your chin down.  Pushing offSwing your arms down (forward) as you bend your knees as you begin to lean backwards. If you were to stop the trick at this point, you should be falling backwards.  Pushing backSwing your arms above your head as you extend off the floor with a strong push from your legs and feet.  Arching backLet your legs drive you upward and backward. Point your toes and extend through your ankles. Make sure you keep your head back between your arms while you start to reach for the floor. Start to look for a landing spot on the mat.  Reaching the floorKeep your body arched as your hands touch the floor or the mat, with your legs and lower body still following. Keep your hands either straight forward or turned in slightly. Spread your fingers a little, keep your feet together, and don t let your knees bend!  Coming downSwing your legs and feet over and snap them down firmly toward the floor. Keep your upper body straight. Do not lock your knees at this point or you will damage them.  Finishing positionLand with your legs slightly bent and swing your arms out straight in front of you. [edit]TipsMake sure your hands are by your ears locked and your head is not sticking out Make sure you squeeze your body so that way you re in control Make sure you know how to bend back into a bridge before attempting this. Locate a reputable gymnastics school and find one that has been recommended to you by other students. Allow them to teach you how to do this. A trained coach is best because they know all the tricks and will show you how to do it right the first time. Add power to your back handspring by getting a running head start and doing a round-off first. Keep your arms locked straight to prevent falling on your head. When first learning, you can practice landing on your stomach on a mat first, instead of swinging your feet back to land upright. You can also try practicing by placing a pillow or a mattress behind you until you are ready, or practice your backwards bridges until you get comfortable trying the back handspring. You may want to learn how to do a back walkover first, as it is like a back handspring in slow motion. This requires a good amount of flexibility, but if you can do a back walkover then you should have little trouble doing a back handspring. A good back handspring should cover a distance of about 6 - 8 feet (depending on your height). If you are landing near where you started, you are not leaning back far enough.

QUESTION ID: R0NVOMOQTLVE173
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 449
Combination of gases in the atmosphere reflecting and distorting light from the sun and from the earth.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36689
It isn t today here in Virginia, today it is full of clouds, and at night it is black. But that isn t the answer you want. The real answer is light refraction through the atmosphere. The brown color on the horizonis polution unless you are in some place like Maine.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36690
because it reflects the colour of our planet which is mostly blue due to the large masses of water covering our planet
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36691
I don t know, but I know what is greater than god, what rhymes with orange, and where the other dollar went.Maybe some of these people know.http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AoclgkS1HktFEs2SLYLtaoYjzKIX?qid=20060821154042AAsV2bzhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ApB4NoULKJPv_c4BISIwVpUjzKIX?qid=20060811134408AARLZkfhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ag88BdP1h9lITSPAi8YDh4AjzKIX?qid=1006041611802http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Aizsx1hgrMqvhz9tbPuNsEIjzKIX?qid=20060825164415AAJWUy2http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ApQ0l8J8.xB5vkF5.vFS_KsjzKIX?qid=20060722052816AAbMFPUhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AkbB8.VN4op47EpOzaes5UQjzKIX?qid=1006032107844http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Aq33ONPoMvMbun.yFId0oEkjzKIX?qid=1006042425914http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AhyryTihy1jBul7AG8j6fgEjzKIX?qid=1006012620872http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Arqn5ZTyaKWj3WzR7wboMeojzKIX?qid=1006011202888http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ap3PJ0WszarVUmcap8Vg7vEjzKIX?qid=20060813200908AAnqaqjhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=An1wzBRDduFBmyp.BDeCWCQjzKIX?qid=1006040818438http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ao4rNLiPVAzoqQgIUK2u1ssjzKIX?qid=1006031103740http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AhSG0tAd0ZjaPExf9SxxUQkjzKIX?qid=1006040108864http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AlcA.9_OnDeZMcIW7x4Pg.4jzKIX?qid=20060911160516AASK6kZhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AmyCiOHsHvH1ku0jBR3YxlUjzKIX?qid=20060628231238AAiWz6Uhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Aoi.c3dAx9zW8U4LQPPE2JEjzKIX?qid=20060616180125AAvNKTnhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AmqMxXnrOkMlYpN1Vc9IXAwjzKIX?qid=1006040310353http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ApW1ZbaNhDq90npoSzAnXNkjzKIX?qid=20061023032754AAlFjvShttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AiEtYfYwf_vLbqv7wEtPVZAjzKIX?qid=20061031132405AAoinmyhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=An3KoJgue4YbPSuviXb6iAsjzKIX?qid=1006012702627http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=As_jCpUVf0fQZbI0m6jVHu0jzKIX?qid=20060714175655AAkV5ZLhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Alyg4XdtZN1Fgrpk7oNWUWojzKIX?qid=20060902201926AAvDW4Fhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AjKH9VcgDwYwtsIL5m5zIm8jzKIX?qid=20060917102726AAQ6BIphttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AnGVlCFMwPR_ZW6Ee0sT2EYjzKIX?qid=20061001113851AAYOfXwhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ak.UBSRjlgri6x2EZoM6.fQjzKIX?qid=1006052318763http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AvRUqw8oYiX.qC35sWrXJV0jzKIX?qid=20061027091041AAh31DXhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AgLMilgKNcRsXrqmsi9APCcjzKIX?qid=1006033028773http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AgyArbukxAdqs_rrxC5QAlgjzKIX?qid=1006052409787http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AjryLsGlnIYaxzGhB0g.hIQjzKIX?qid=1006042309777http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Atee7zDSNi53HYuTwvGd1uIjzKIX?qid=1005121103085http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AsSB9VfhfPyVIFNwJeRuOAojzKIX?qid=20060924185828AARoBwBhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Akr7uA3VROmVJkKT0noTphIjzKIX?qid=20060927145312AA1ndKzhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ApD.5jNrjBY_hP6qxUN.x5sjzKIX?qid=20061031065205AA1afekhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AkZxTkLGHTPuUkJ4QtjeC5QjzKIX?qid=1006041014669http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AnUsYy_SsCbi9IuDCEQk9f8jzKIX?qid=1006012704082http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Ahdfv9gyqgQThnMdeQxa.FQjzKIX?qid=20060727202558AACNOFUhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AjIzjTgSb4vLIHq7E4eoDawjzKIX?qid=20061003084712AADxBphhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AhW3Yf7g4npIIozpKl72f1wjzKIX?qid=20060828125726AAHcdPuhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AskAQELK4KNHCexVka61JGcjzKIX?qid=20060813192614AAiUpjXhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AnMcMD4V9xUZ4ZbuHCeExsYjzKIX?qid=20061003184338AAclkqKhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AoC0VQTwrzTz.CArXBLuq5nzy6IX?qid=20061103184517AAGro4vhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AgNOc.HJ7fA2EANypqHn6.vzy6IX?qid=20061104180448AArI3XYhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AqgJhvE6mR7HEv4Rg0aZzwQjzKIX?qid=20061106085932AAOhRmNhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AslF_KFXEwBVzawax.ciV0MjzKIX?qid=20061105211815AAtjF1khttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AtF9.mZxoKYzfty4_KsZWfYjzKIX?qid=20061107112457AArRAJyhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AkHOPhmTj6DNMp_EBjmRE54jzKIX?qid=20061105123405AA61bozhttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AsS.2mAhJeUl3KJrTpZiTMQjzKIX?qid=20061108091236AAcyyQt

QUESTION ID: R1MARUYZA84ZW1V
QUESTION SUBJECT: why wont they cure cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: it seems crazy to me that we can cure the plague and split atoms and tons of other amazing breakthroughs but for some reason we cant cure cancer..I think its all  about money and cancer is big business so they dont have any real motivation to find a cure.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9567
read kevin trudeau s book Natural Cures. he s a bit fanatical but many of his points regarding pharmaceutical companies is worth considering.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43175
We are spreading Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) and Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) knowingly or unknowingly. They cause cervical cancer and liver cancer respectively. Tobacco industry will flourish in future causing lung cancer to the smokers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43176
Cancer is not one disease but over 200 different types with many, many subtypes including the stage and grade of tumor. Many cancers found in the early stages of 1 or 2 are curable just by removing them. What you really mean is why isn t there a cure for metastatic cancer. Metastatic cancer is generally a stage IV disease and it is extremely difficult to treat because the cancer cells have dislodged and traveled throughout the body. Trying to locate each individual cell before it grows into more cancer . . is like looking for a needle in a haystack. But, I digress . . many cancers are treatable and can lead to a cure. We just do not have one pill that will take care of cancer for everyone . . and that s what they are looking for and why we don t have it yet. . too many variations and complications between the diseases and individuals.Incidentally researchers have recently found the gene responsible for Ewings sarcoma and discovered that by manipulating it they can shut it off . . meaning that the cancer cell turns back into a normal cell and turns itself off again. So, a cure may be closer than you realize.Discovery Of The Cellular Origin Of Ewing s Sarcomahttp://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2007/05/070519152605.htm By inhibiting the abnormal protein EWS/FLI-1 that causes Ewing???s sarcoma, the researchers also ???forced??? the tumor cells to return to their original status of mesenchymal stem cells, which can then differentiate normally into bone or fat cells. This approach opens up new therapeutic prospects, since by forcing the cells to resume their original function it may be possible in the future to make them less aggressive and prevent their proliferation. Hmmm, there goes the idea that no one is looking for a cure for cancer!!

QUESTION ID: R23NHLGWFQY1SDL
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can i lose weight???
QUESTION CONTENT: I m 140lbs and I m only 5 3. is that over weight? I m only 14. if i am over weight how can i lose weight????
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 62704
For you to loss weight, you will need to find the root cause on your weight gain. Once you find out the root cause, you will be able to come out a weight loss plan with the right diet plan that able to help to reduce your weight.Only with a realistic weight loss diet plan, you will be able to achieve it easily.In order to have ideal weight. few things to take note.Diet- Try to have plenty of starchy foods such as rice, bread, pasta, potatoes,- Aim to have five portions of a variety of fruit and vegetables daily- Use a moderate amount of dairy prodPhysical ActivityGetting active is one of the best ways to lose weight and keep fit. There are all sorts of activities andsports that can get you moving and aid weight loss.Calories and WeightA pound of fat equals 3500 calories. To lose 1 pound a week you will need to expend 3500 more calories than you eat that week, whether through increased activity ordecreased eating or both. Losing 1-2 pounds of fat a week is a sensible goalThere are few simple diet plans which will suit you, like Cabbage Soup Diet and 5 Factor Diet, get how to do the diet plan from http://www.loseweight-zone.com
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4295
drink lots of water, don t lay down or go to sleep the same hour after eating, try to do some type of activities after you eat,  don t eat three hours before going to sleep, and try running or brisk walking everyday. and of course watch what you eat.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4296
According to the BMI tables you re 24.8 which is in the normal range.If you do want to lose weight you can talkto a nutritionist and get an eating plan. It s not always the best idea to just eat less as if you starve yourself your body will go into survival mode and will try and store as much of what you eat as fat.Some simple tips though:Drink waterCut out sugary soda drinksCut out high fat/high carb foodsDon t get caught up in the fad diets!Good luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4297
There are many factors in considering whether you re overweight. An extremely old way of measuring if you re overweight is measuring BMI = weight (kg)/height squared (m2). This measuring technique tells you very little about your health including; Water retention, Muscle Mass, Physical Structure and the list goes on.Through my many years as Personal TrainerIhonestly say that there is no trick to losing HEALTHY weight! My best advice is to consult a Nutritionist get a good eating plan (Stick to it!). And because of your age, participate in a sport or activity that you enjoy and keeps you active, in that you ll make some new  friends and enjoy a healthy lifestyle. If you get tied up in losing too much weight you ll never be happy, which in fact causes more health problems later in life and much research has been done on the direct correlation of stress/fad diets/starvation/nutrient deficiencies with health problems.I hope some of this advise has helped and not confused you more!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4298
Exercise and eat right.You can lose 20 pounds in three months. That is a reasonable goal. Normal weight loss is around 2-3 pounds per week.Stay away from fried foods, and foods with high fat content. I.E no mcdonalds, burger king, or fast food.Eat a 1200 -1400 calorie diet, and exercise one hour a day for 5 days a week.Eat foods such as chicken breast, turkey, fish, egg whites, (try to stay away from the egg yolks), anything wheat is usually really good for you (wheat bread&pita bread) Incorporate a lot of fruits and vegetables into your diet. Fish is also good. Try to eat three meals a day, or you can split up your meals into six meals a day. Stay away from trans fats, and stay on a low fat diet (20 grams per day). Oatmeal, and those healthy bars are good. For snacks, you can eat those 100 calorie packs.As for lean cuisine for lunch, stay away from that. Lean cuisine meals have a lot of sodium on them which causes you to retain water.There are also a variety of pastas now that offer whole wheat--just letting you know.A sample lunch can include: a sandwich on wheat, with a bottle of water and a large apple. Breakfast could be oatmeal, or yogurt with fruit. Dinner could vary. You could bake fish, or bake chicken. Just stay away from junk food and greasy foods. Do not fight untill dinner. Eat healthy snacks. You can eat pop corn without better, celery, carrots, fruits, and soy chips.For toning, you can do crunches, and push ups. For exercise take up running, swimming, jump roping or anything that works the heart. You can create simple workouts at home without a gym. (at first you might weigh more, but that is due to muscle weight) PS, try to exercise at least five times a week for a hour a day.Good luck!Remember to drink lots of water throughout the day to keep your body hydrated
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7675
eat 1200-1500 calories a day and exersize daily and yes you are a tad overweight good luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7676
well not really maybe if u just tone up a little but not really loose and it also matter are u curvy like do u have a big butt and chest if so then thats a healthy weight for you, but i just reccommend to stop eating at mcdonalds or carls jr or jack in the box or rallys or anything that is fast food at least for 6 weeks and u would loose the excessive 10lbs
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62705
if you lower your calorie intake..cut out a majority of sugar and lower carbs..exersize daily..lots of cardio is good..my trainer has me doing at least a half hour of cardio daily (ie..walking, jogging, biking, swimming, etc) and light weights..you ll be able to lose the weight. I am 5 2 and 116..but I was 133.. so you can do it..but you really have to watch your portions and what your actually eating. but since you are 14 your matabolism should be pretty high, im 23 and it went down once i was out of my teen years, so i had to work harder. Carbs and sugar is my enemy, but its different for everyone, just know..you dont have to cut out everything you enjoy, just in moderation.

QUESTION ID: R3ULO2UWYC0UN4B
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I lower my triglycerides and uric acid?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86689
Changes in lifestyle habits are the main therapy for hypertriglyceridemia. These are the changes you need to make:???If you re overweight, cut down on calories to reach your ideal body weight. This includes all sources of calories, from fats, proteins, carbohydrates and alcohol.  ???Reduce the saturated fat, trans fat and cholesterol content of your diet.  ???Reduce your intake of alcohol considerably. Even small amounts of alcohol can lead to large changes in plasma triglyceride levels.  ???Be physically active for at least 30 minutes on most or all days each week.  ???People with high triglycerides may need to substitute monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats ??? such as those found in canola oil, olive oil or liquid margarine ??? for saturated fats. Substituting carbohydrates for fats may raise triglyceride levels and may decrease HDL ( good ) cholesterol in some people.  ???Substitute fish high in omega-3 fatty acids instead of meats high in saturated fat like hamburger. Fatty fish like mackerel, lake trout, herring, sardines, albacore tuna and salmon are high in omega-3 fatty acids. Gout is precipitation of monosodium urate crystals into tissue, usually in and around joints, most often causing recurrent acute or chronic arthritis. Acute arthritis is initially monarticular and often involves the first metatarsophalangeal joint; symptoms include acute pain, tenderness, warmth, redness, and swelling. Diagnosis requires identification of crystals in synovial fluid. Treatment of acute attacks is with anti-inflammatory drugs. Attacks are prevented with NSAIDs and/or colchicine, and, for persistent hyperuricemia, allopurinol or uricosuric drugs.Please see the web pages for more details on Triglycerides and Uric acid.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86690
Uric acid is usually controlled by a reduction in proteins, especially red meat.  Triglycerides?  Well, lots of carbs and simple sugars contribute to this.  If you happen to be on a beta-blocker (for blood pressure) this can definitely raise your triglyceride level, as I ve been there.  If a doc told you they were elevated s/he should have also given you some methods by which to reduce them.  Good luck

QUESTION ID: R6BIHWGJV63F526
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can a person sell Artwork online without having someone try and steal or copy their work?
QUESTION CONTENT: I don t want to pay for an expensive website. All I want is a safe place to sell my artwork. How can I do this?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79781
You d be surprised at how inexpensive having a website can be.  There are many places that sell hosting and some are very competitive.  Go Daddy - is great.  for $3.95 per month you get TONS of service that compete with the big guys Noone would EVER know that you were paying that price.  There is no difference in appearance of your website than other sites out there.  I use it for all my websites and I have a few.  Some I use the $3.95 plan it s basic but like I said FULL of useful tools and I use the $8.95 per month plan.  This one lets you be able to set up CGI scripts and form mailers on your site.  It s a very good price.  It really is BETTER than Ebay -  On Ebay you do have to worry about scammers.  When and if you have a hot item that sells like hotcakes you don t catch the eye of buyers as much as the eyes of the SELLERS.  They watch your stuff if you are successful and then before you know it there are more knock offs coming out to compete with you on Ebay.  (I am talking from experience.)  I stay away from selling on Ebay with a 10 foot pole - the only time I use them is if I am trying to clearance something that I don t care about.  If you go the website route - be aware that it could take a LONG time before you are noticed.  Don t lose heart - As long as you have good use of seach words / Key words and can get high search result rankings on Google&Yahoo... AND as long as you have something that others want... you should be able to sell it in time.  (it could take years to be noticed)  For me it took about 1 year from my opening the site before I got my first website customer.  Then the next year I had about 30 to 50  -  Then the next year it took off -  I had over 1000 so on... I started off offering my merchandise at a low price to attract the volume of people -  After I had some sales and feedback under my belt - I posted them on my testamonials area of the site.  This helped for others to know and trust me.  Then over the years I raised my prices so that I wasn t working like a madwoman for pennies.  I can t stress it enough though... it does take time.  You must create a good looking website with variety.  2 paintings will not be a winner - people will take a glance and leave you flat away.  but if you have at least 50 to 100 images to show as examples on your site that would be a great start!!  Good luck -
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13718
e-bay and make the pics small enough so that they cant see the real detail so they cant make a good copy and becides the true forgers ony  forge the van goues or picassos or real valuble pantings.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27893
yes, check out digital watermarking.  if you own Photoshop7.0 you can watermark your pictures (whether it be photoshop creations or uploaded pictures) when finished with them.  To do it I believe it is under edit but I m not sure off hand.

QUESTION ID: RART2JB37RX6G2Z
QUESTION SUBJECT: how many taste buds do we use when we are tasting our food?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75854
The types are SweetSaltySourBitterUmame (alluded to above.  From the Japanese word for savory, this responds to meaty tastes, ie high protein, and MSG.  MSG is a food additive, Monosodium glutamate--and glutamate if an amino acid, which are the building blocks for protein).And if you want the nitty-gritty, the idea behind taste buds are that various cells detect chemicals, and depending on the region of the brain that the cell is wired to, you know the taste.  But not all receptors even of a given type are the same in their mechanism.Sweet reception is more than just a detection of -OH groups. There is a family of transmembrane g-protein coupled receptors called the T1Rs. The various tastes are sensed by various cells, differentiated by the type of receptors expressed in the cell.The sense of sweetness is detected by cells that express a combination of the T1R2 and T1R3 receptors. There is a quality about the sugars that trigger the perception of sweetness such that they bind to one of each of these receptors, creating a heterodimer and trigger the cascade that makes the cell fire. The umami sense is triggered likewise by a coupling of the T1R1 and T1R3 receptors. Some cells are known to express either only T1R2 or only T1R3, and these have a low affinity detection of sugars (or perhaps there is a yet unrecognized ligand for these cells).Sourness is the result of an acidic pH, with pH being the presence of hydronium ions (H+) at a concentration greater than 10^-7 mole fraction.  Sour is detected in sour-sensing cells by H+ ion blocking of the K+ channels, slowing K+ efflux and ultimately depolarizing the cell. Saltiness is detected by Na+ entering the Na+ channels and depolarize the cell.Bitterness is mediated by several distinct receptors that bind to various types of alkaline (often amine) molecules, in the T2R family. Bitterness is usually associated with potential toxins, so many receptors detect many things.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8282
Well, I don t know the amount of taste buds... but the different kinds is now at five so I was last told.SaltSweetSourBitterand the new one... Amino Acid aka the MEAT receptor.

QUESTION ID: RB70GACWV4GFSS1
QUESTION SUBJECT: explain what the par and handicapping in the golf game and how is it counted .?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m really glad if you all can answer it with more detail about my question becoz i m taking golf course in my university and need to make a research and submit to my instructor.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 65172
Par = The number of strokes allotted to make this hole.  You can take as many or as few as you can, but this is the number the course designer determined it _should_ take on the hole.Handicap = A ranking per say.  It is determined using a less than easy formula taking in account the number of strokes a player takes, the tees they used (front, mid, back, champion) and the difficulty of the course they played.  It takes 10 or more full rounds to compute a handicap.  IT IS NOT THE AVERAGE of the rounds.  It takes a set number of those rounds (IE the BEST ten of 20, 8 of 18, etc.) and then it is a percentage (I think it is 96%) of that weighted average - again using the formula that takes in account the tees, course, etc.A handicap differential is the difference between the adjusted gross score and the NCGA/USGA Course Rating, multiplying the difference by 113, dividing the results figure by the NCGA/USGA Slope Rating and rounding off to the nearest tenth. The following is an examplefor a course with a 71.5 Course Rating and a 130 Slope Rating.Adjusted Gross Score95Course Rating71.5Difference23.5Handicap Differential113 x 23.5 divided by 130 = 20.4The value 113 in the above formula is the national standard for Slope Ratings and is used to weigh differentials.INDEX FormulaLowest 10 of Last 20 Differentials. The INDEX is computed from the lowest 10 of the player???s last 20 rounds as follows:Total of 10 lowest differentials147.9Total averaged14.79Total multiplied by 96%14.19Delete all numbers after the tenths digit14.1NCGA/USGA index is14.1If you have fewer than 20 differentials available:AvailableUsed1-4No INDEX issued5 or 6Lowest 17 or 8Lowest 29 or 10Lowest 311 or 12Lowest 413 or 14Lowest 515 or 16Lowest 617Lowest 718Lowest 819Lowest 9The idea behind the handicap system is that it allows players of different abilities to compete with each other.  A better player will give strokes to the other player based on the difference in their handicaps.  Simplified example is that a difference of 10 points would mean that if the lesser player scored 9 or less strokes behind the better player he would have won that round.  10 would be a tie.  In a match play (you win holes, not the round), the better player would give a stroke on specific holes and that is probably more detailed an area that you want to research.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65173
Par is the score you should shoot (well if your really good). Its normally 72. your handicap is what u normally shoot over par.

QUESTION ID: RC3YXX4PTBEZ4DK
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you get your work to be copyrighted?
QUESTION CONTENT: and also how to you get the watermark logo to add to your work.i create clothing, jewelry and dog wear. I have several pictures of my work and its all custom. So I would like to get it copyrighted but I dont know how.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5324
The US Copyright office is online, for anything drawn or sewn you d use the Visual Arts forms.  Their website is very easy to navigate and you can print out the forms on your printer.  Cost is $45 (it just went up $10 this past year) and the return number they send you takes about 8 months to get back -- after 9/11 they had a huge backlog of stuff since the packages have to all be security checked now. Prior to 9/11 the turnaround was about 2 months.Do group filings--all your jewelry for one year can go onto one form,for instance.  Ditto for the dog wear.  When you get another batch together, file that as a group (similar items, not a blend of jewelry and dog wear together).http://www.copyright.gov/The VA form for visual arts (this covers soft sculpture and dolls, so will include clothing) it s about halfway down the page --http://www.copyright.gov/forms/The short form can often be usedWhat the other person was telling you is called a poor man s copyright which is a persistent myth and won t stand up in court since you could have mailed yourself an open envelope and put something inside at a later date. It s been around as a myth for a long time.  It won t offer any protection if you need to prove to someone that you were the artist or creator.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59647
You can make a photo of your work.  Put it in an envelop, and mail it to your self.  Don t open the envelop and file it. You can also post your work on flickr.  It provides more details on copyright. www.flickr.comRegarding watermark you can establish a watermark on of the layers if you are using a good photoeditor.  It s real easy to use too.Regards,

QUESTION ID: REL184I7OUPAR5M
QUESTION SUBJECT: A chord is located 12 in. from the center of a circle of radius 15 in. How long is the chord?
QUESTION CONTENT: Draw a diagram.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 61532
2 ??? 15 ??? sin arccos (12 ??? 15) =2 ??? 15 ??? ???[ 1 ??? (12 ??? 15)??]=2 ??? 15 ??? ???[ (15?? ??? 15??) ??? (12?? ??? 15??)]=2 ??? 15 ??? ???[ (15?? ??? 12?? ) ??? 15??]=2 ??? 15 ??? ???[ 15?? ??? 12??]??? 15 =2 ??? ???[ 15?? ??? 12??]=2 ??? ???[ 225 ??? 144]=2 ??? ???[ 81]=2 ??? 9 =18
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3477
it is hard to draw, but imagine your circle with a center and the radius as the hypotenuse of a right triangle, with one leg being 12 inches long and the other leg the half length of the chord you are looking for.using the pythagorean theorem, let half the chord be = x, then 12^2 + x^2 = 15^2. solving for x, we get x = 9. Hence the length of the chord we are looking for is equal to 18 inches.

QUESTION ID: RJ83JNXKB0IAR00
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does a athelete and a musican prepare for the big day?
QUESTION CONTENT: grade 11 music need to no themental and the physical of both
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 59109
both sorts of people benefit from mental exercise.did you ever read the book the Right Stuff ? it tells us how the first astronauts who landed on the moon prepared for their mission, when no one had ever done it before them.. they had to mentally imagine and prepare everything from scratch.  We have all benefitted from their experiences, and I have heard of several Olympic winners who used similar techniques to shape up their final competitions.In the case of a musician: can you visualize the page of music- can you see all the notes you have to play/sing? Could you write down at least the opening bars on a fresh sheet of music paper, without having to look at the original?How far can you write it sown? It helps if you have your main theme or melody playing on in your head as you do so. Taking the time to see how your hands/lips/body feel when you get to a certain phrase ( the hardest one, of course) and checking for technical errors without having to worry about carrying through the rest of the phrase, somewhat lie a famous baseball pitcher just starting his windup, but not actually making the pitch.If your music is that thoroughly learned, then you ought to be able to let it run on while the rest of your energy is devoted to the absolute technicals on the day: how your posture will help your nerves, how your breathing enhances the phrasing,and above all, how much you enjoy doing this.rock bottom physical: get enough rest, drink enough water the day before so that you are well hydrated ( but don t need to run to the  bathroom), no drinks no drugs. If you are a smoker, try and be a minimalist . I don t care what you think it does for your nerves, the rest of your body suffers.Eat fruits and veggies, avoid the really heavy stuff. Leave the fads alone ( I have heard of one batch of people who swear that sipping a spoonful of olive oil is good for the voice, but there s a sucker born every minute, as the man once said.) If you are a well practised musician, you will have heard of THE ZONE. we d all like to live there, but if we get a couple of chances during our lifetimes, we ll consider ourselves lucky. this is where your mental concentration takes you above the plane of the mundane physical. time and space seem to stop, and only the music counts. Not even your emotions count. Only the music. By mentally preparing yourself as above, you are taking the first steps that might lead you into the Zone, but don t ever take it for granted. You can t wish it or force it to happen.Check out not only The Right Stuff , but also The Inner Game of Music for a much better description than I can give. Wasn there also recently an Olympic diver who wrote a similar book?Best wishes on your exams
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1695
Check out these books. Dr. Greene is well known in this field.Performance Success : Performing Your Best Under Pressureby Don Greene, Ph.D., Julie Landsman (Foreword by) PaperbackAudition SuccessBy Don Greene
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14903
That old adage, be prepared ....seems to fit here....if you work hard and practice your talent you ll be as ready as you ll ever be.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18362
rest and bananas

QUESTION ID: RL6K61PVIJ1SP36
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to reduce Colestral and LDL level?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am 41 years old male vegitarian, my total Colestral is 229 and LDL is 150 HDl is 41. I am on  strict diet for the past 2 years, taking Omega 3 tab (2) daily. How to increase HDL level naturally by food intake.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84972
My cholesterol was at 232. I put myself on a strict diet of broccoli and carrots (frozen) heated in lite smart balance, took omega 3 and 6 and exercised and my cholesterol went down to 189 within a 2 month period. It surprised my doctor even. My good L went up to 60 too.  The broccoli/carrot mix was all that I ate twice a day. I know that one thing doesn t work for everyone but this really worked for me.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84973
I believe you have two potions: 1) take garlic pills like 600mg /day2) take a product called HypoCol made from red yeast rice yeast - it has proven very effective. Within two weeks you can see results. 2caps 2x/day after meals. I know this as I am taking the prudct.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84974
Without a doubt, lowering LDL cholesterol is a huge benefit in bringing total cholesterol down to a safe level. There have been numerous studies conducted where data indicated the chance of having a heart attack is actually decreased by as much as 25% for every 10% drop in cholesterol level.The top four benefits of lowering LDL include:   1. Decreases the chance of heart attack and/or stroke   2. Reduces the formation of new cholesterol plaques   3. Eliminates existing plaques   4. Prevents the rupture of existing plaquesA particular study conducted in 1994 called Scandinavian Simvastatin Survival Study, or 4S, confirmed that lowering LDL not only reduced risk for heart attacks, but death. In this study, more than 4,000 people with confirmed heart disease were given either a cholesterol-lowering drug or a placebo. The drug of choice for this study was Statin. The results showed that for the people taking the Statin, the total cholesterol levels were reduced 25%, LDL was lowered 35%, and death occurring from heart disease was reduced by a staggering 42%.Keep your daily calorie intake of fat to less than 30%. If you consume too many calories from any kind of food, whether it is carbohydrates, proteins, or fats, your body will take that food and turn it into triglycerides that are then circulated into your bloodstream to be stored as fat.Simply put the more LDL in your blood stream, the higher risk you have of heart disease. If you currently have heart disease, lowering your level of LDL will have a great impact on your health. No matter what your overall health, if you have high LDL levels, speak with your physician to determine the best course of action in bringing your numbers down.The good news is that there are several options available for you to control the cholesterol level through traditional treatments, natural and herbal treatments and changing to a healthy lifestyle.The important factor is to understand your risk factors by identifying your cholesterol levels and how it may affect your overall health and possible risk of a heart attack. It is extremely important to work with your doctor in creating a regimen that encompasses traditional of natural treatments. Research has shown that for every 1% reduction in cholesterol levels, there is a 2% reduction in the rate of heart disease. This should be a strong incentive in controlling your cholesterol levels.From hundreds of studies and research, we know that following are major approaches available to lower LDL cholesterol while increasing HDL to reduce the risk of heart disease.   1. Cholesterol Lowering Drugs: Approved drugs such as statins have been successful in lowering cholesterol level by inhibiting the synthesis of cholesterol by the liver. However, these prescription drugs are expensive and there are many side effects. Details of these traditional treatments are outlined in it section.   2. Natural and Herbal Supplements: Numerous studies have shown that natural and herbal supplements such as Guggul, Policosanol, Pantethine, Curcumin, Fish-Oil, Niacin, Garlic, and Beta Carotene are effective in controlling the high cholesterol and thus reducing the risk of heart disease.   3. Cholesterol Lowering Foods: Latest research suggest that cholesterol lowering foods such as avocados, almonds, olive oil, soy beans, garlic, shiitake mushrooms, chili peppers, oat bran, beans (kidney, pintos, black, navy, etc.), onions, fatty fish, and flax seed play a crucial role in lowering LDL and sometimes raising HDL levels.   4. Low Cholesterol Diet: Evidence suggests that a healthy diet is the best defense against heart disease. National Cholesterol Education Program(NCEP) has even introduced a dietary program as a prescription for reducing heart disease risk.   5. Lifestyle Recommendations: Numerous studies show that lifestyle changes such as exercise, smoking cessation, weight loss and following a healthy diet can reduce cholesterol levels and thus the risk of heart disease. http://mens-health.health-cares.net/lower-cholesterol.phpthis site will help you with specific diet
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84975
Cod liver oils or fish oil are good sources of HDL (good cholesterol) Vegetable oil, is also a good source,  Avoid meat oil, this is bad cholesterol. (LDL).

QUESTION ID: RL7CI812E6W73JE
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to get over ocd , OCD,(obsessive compulsive disorder)?
QUESTION CONTENT: Im 15 and have had ocd (obsessive compulsive disorder) ever since i was in the 3rd grade. I thought i was over it about 1 year ago. But it came back twice as worse before. I cant go a single day without thinking about bad things happening, or touch things evenly, or even count cracks in the school hallway. I hate being like this , but something really bad i hate is my phobia of like germs like sick people and getting sick. I constantly wash my hand and if someone sneezes i like cover my mouth so i don t breathe it in. I try to talk about this with my friends and family but they think i am mental but im really not, and my mom wont help me out with this problem. I know its sounds like i am a freak but, I was wandering if there is other help besides therapy and stuff like online sites or something were it can help. Please some one with anything ?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4743
I have OCD, too. I ve learned that everyone seems to have at least some form of it. That form may not be diagnosed by a doctor because it s too light to really diagnose. But everyone has their little quirks and irritating things about themself, that drives their own self crazy dealing with it. :-)I tend to count things sometimes...I tend to read words backwards (to undo reading them normally, of course). I check things like 20 times sometimes...even though the second time was enough, I wanted a surety that my mind never really accepts, no matter how many times I check something to make sure it is how I want it to be (an object, etc.)  Sometimes I ve felt the need to undo touching something. Meaning if I touch something...I feel like something bad will happen if I don t undo it and touch it again in the *exact* same spot. To coincide with that...in my mind, I usually imagine patterns that I am undoing in the process of touching something the second time, in the exact same spot. Sitting down in a chair...I feel that I have to get up and leave from the chair in the same direction that I sat down in it (such as approaching from the left and sitting down...I feel the need to get back up and go left, as opposed to going right and around the chair)...various weird stuff like that.OCD is just a really crazy thing. The OCD in itself is just a name that man has come up with to describe this condition, because it is indeed obsessive and compulsive. I don t have a cure answer for it. But do know that because you don t undo something...NOTHING bad will happen because of it. It s just a stupid thought...a stupid superstition, basically. That s the best way to break free, in my opinion...develope a don t care attitude about re-touching things. Tell yourself that it s senseless to undo it and touch it again, and ignore the feelings to do so. Ignore the feeling to count something...hurry on by it, and don t give it attention. It might feel funny, but eventually you get out of the habit.Nothing wrong with disliking germs. Nothing wrong with washing your hands a lot...some people don t do it enough, and they are sick all of the time. Covering your mouth when someone sneezes...especially if they are just openly and inconsiderately sneezing out into the air, is a good thing.People that do not struggle with it (or that do struggle with it and don t/can t realize it for whatever reason) have trouble talking to you about it, and don t understand it.There are some medicines that are supposed to help with it. Frankly...I think you could really mess yourself up if you go to a doctor and they play guinea pig with you and test new breathrough medicines on you to see how it works - that is, IF it works. The side effects of most medicines nowadays are just horrible...they outweigh the problem people take the medicine for, to begin with.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7521
Ok well you can go to kidshealth.com and search for obsessive compulsive disorder and no you are not mental, do not worry i kinda have that problem but not that severe but naywayz on the website that is wherer you can view resolutions to help you and stories fomr people who have had it and i hipe it helps sorry about your family and u are not mental
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72545
There are medicines which will help with that.Other than that, try inhaling through your nose and exhaling through your mouth.  This will assist in the cooling of the part of the brain that is involved in this disorder.

QUESTION ID: RLKA1XW5CC5L8IA
QUESTION SUBJECT: How and where do i find information on the haulocost?
QUESTION CONTENT: My great grandfather was captured by the gustapo, tortured and escaped from Auswitz Natzi Death Camps under Adolf Hitler! Oh the horror stories in my own family. We were German Jews who suffored, but not me, I grew up in the midwest thanks to the bravery of my great grandfather. He spared us from a lot of information and now my heart deeply longs to know! To know what exactly happened over there and why? What was it like after the Haulocost and the Jews were seeking for their own land? Is it possible to even trace my roots so that I could even find which of the original 12 tribes of Isreal in the old testament I am from?I simply want to know about my own herratige. Any ideas? Where do I look and where do I start? Is information forever lost or is there accurate history for me to trace my roots?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79343
Start by spelling it right - Holocaust. Google and Wikipedia will have lots of data. Your local library will have books about it.As to your genealogy:The Germans destroyed a lot of Jewish records out of hatred. A lot more were destroyed by the war in general. If a fire razed a town, it didn t care if it was destroying a synagogue or church; the records went up in smoke.Civil authorities didn t keep track of birth, marriage and deaths until the late 1800 s or early 1900 s. Religious authorities did. So, given the destruction, you may hit more dead ends than if your ancestors lived in New England.The rest of this is a general response about Genealogy. The first links below are general too. The last link below is to a forum for Jewish genealogy.======================================This is a long, general answer about beginning genealogy, with some links. Genealogy is a fascinating hobby, but it usually takes more time than most young people are willing to spend.Genealogy is the most popular hobby on the Internet for people over 40. As an example, Cyndi s List (cyndislist.com) is a web site with nothing but links to other genealogy sites. She has over 250,000 links.The next two links are to the two largest free data bases on the Internet. Family Search (familysearch.com) is run by the LDS Church - the Mormons. RootsWeb World Connect (worldconnect.genealogy) is a collection of genealogical data that other genealogists have uploaded. Try your two surnames in each data base - your father s surname and your mother s maiden surname. That will give you a feel for how much research has been done on those two surnames. Even better, if you can, call your grandparents and ask what THEIR grandparent s names were - maiden name for the ladies. Their birth day and birth state will help too. Those 16 people are your great-great grandparents. Most Yahoo! users are 20, give or take 10 years. Most people have children between the ages of 20 and 40, which averages to 30 years per generation. So, if you were born 20 years ago, your mother and father were born 50 years ago, your four grandparents were born 80 years ago, your eight great-grandparents were born 110 years ago and your sixteen great-great grandparents were born 140 years ago. (Those are averages; your results will vary. If you can get the names of all 16 of your great-great grandparents, you should be able to find at least one or two by name in one of the data bases.The fourth link (superpages) is a web-based phone book. It will tell you how many people with your surname have listed phone numbers in the US.The fifth link (begingen.html) is a page on my web site with some hints for beginners.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27453
go to

QUESTION ID: RLYP5BPFP4J60MA
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do some people not care about the environment?
QUESTION CONTENT: Doing things that are good for the environment (recycling, picking up litter, not driving if you don t have to, etc.) is so easy to do, but some people don t do it.  Also, some people think environmental legislation shouldn t be passed simply because it s typically a Democrat thing.  Wouldn t it be in our best interest to save what s left of the planet?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78779
The thing is, it s very difficult for the average, non-recycling human to understand the impact that individuals have on the environment.  It s not always that people don t care, but simply that they have difficulty seeing past the immediate.We are creatures which focus largely on instant gratification.  If you can see that an action has immediate positive returns, generally you will act on it.  If it takes a LONG time to see the reward, most humans can t be patient enough for it.As for taking care of the environment, when you recycle a plastic bottle or pick up some trash in the street, you don t instantly breathe fresher air, notice flowers spring up out of the ground, of visibly diminish the greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.This isn t my reasoning, of course - I do the best I can for my environment because I love being in the wilderness.  But I think the general human has a way of shutting himself/herself off from the detrimental effects of not taking care of our planet.  There may be landfills, greenhouse gases, deforestation, etc etc, but the human doesn t SEE those things.He sees his 5000-channel plasma tv set, his fridge full of beer bottles, his twelve-ply toilet paper and his supermarket full of delectable foods.  What could possibly be wrong with the planet as long as these static truths remain?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27022
Im curious what kind of environmental legislation  you are referring to.  I agree with some but some is too radical and really not reasonable.  Example...look at all the fight over oil.  The United States has plenty of oil in Alaska. There are hundreds of miles of land and we would only need to fence off and drill in 1 square mile of land.  It would give us years of oil that we wouldnt need to be dependent on the middle east.  But enviornmentalist, of course, do not want any drilling of oil.  So then there is nuclear energy and, of course, they dont want us using nuclear energy. Some of the thinking is just not reasonable.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27023
People don t care about the environment because there aren t enough advertisements about the environment.  Seriously.When every TV show, billboard, and movie star is hyping how you need to have an ipod and a new Lexus and that device that cooks your food while letting the fat drain away and cleaning your shower without any effort at all, and wearing a piece of jewelry that required the mining of 8000 lbs of rock to create that is the power of marketing.  When people can start promoting, Don t buy a car or Reuse your old dishes or Clean up the park down the road rather than drive 50 miles to the state park then more people will care. Legislation isn t needed but awareness is.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27024
No one is against a clean planet, just how we do it.  As pointed out, did you know that recycling newspapers causes pollution? Ask your parents what would happen if gasoline was $25 per gallon or you were only allowed 10 gallons per month.  If water costs $400 per week?  Ask yourself if you could take having clothes made of only one color?  The difference is the results of the legislation that people disagree about, not the purpose.

QUESTION ID: ROLBPGF00EJ7FWS
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why Does It Take So Long????
QUESTION CONTENT: My daughter who was recently diagnosed with Colorectal Cancer a week ago, won t actually begin her chemo until the 19th of March (today is the 10th).  She had her port put in on the 8th (Friday).  Why does it take so long before they can start the treatments???  This is so incredibly scary!!!  To whomever answered my other questions regarding her cancer... God Bless you.... you told me that colorectal cancer was easily treated (which is what she said her Oncologist told her) because so far, the cat scan (done last Sunday on the 4th) showed that her other vital organs were clear so far.  We are praying so hard that she comes through this... but why is it they can t stage her cancer until the surgery... and why is it taking so long to start her treatment??? Aren t these cells spreading in the meantime????  (I m freaking out, I m sorry!!)  Thanks for any insight and for whomever sent me all those links... God Bless you.... I will be checking each one out.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 40883
I understand exactly how you feel.  My 11 year old son was diagnosed with cancer this past summer.  The waiting and not knowing was by far the worst of it all.  I thought I would die with fear and worry.It did seem an eternity before they started anything but don t worry, the type of cancer she has is easily manageable, and if they are doing surgery to remove the affected part then that is better, less cancer to have to beat back with chemo.My guess is until they do the surgery they won t know if it s spread from the original source (which is stage 1) elsewhere in the body (stage 2 or higher).  Usually the longer you ve had it the more likely it s metastesized (spread) and when it has there is no telling if it s affected surrounding tissue or lymph nodes.With colorectal cancer, the stages depend on many factors because the colon has many layers so until they view them microscopically and see how many layers it s penetrated, they won t be able to stage it.I know it s a frightful ordeal but have faith that it will all turn out well in the end.  You need to be strong and don t show her your fear.  She needs to believe that YOU believe she will be ok.  I used to run out in the middle of the night and cry in the street so my kids wouldn t see my fear.Thank God it turned out ok and he is well now.One thing this teaches you is that life is precious and you really need to live each day to the fullest and not take anything for granted.Will send a prayer your way.  Have faith and it will be ok.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20022
I know how you feel, I used to think the same thing. My teenage son was diagnosed with stage IV abdominal sarcoma. Fortunately he was diagnosed immediately on entering the hospital. It took one long week to send the biopsy away to confirm the diagnosis. One of the reasons we had to wait was to make absolutely sure that he had what we suspected and to begin the appropriate chemotherapy protocol. He started his chemotherapy approximately a week or so later and it had an immediate impact. That was two years ago. He has come a long, long way since that time.My advice to you is to start reading as much as you possibly can about this disease. The more you know the better able you will be to make decisions and talk to her doctors.Stay strong. I understand.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40884
im very very sorry about the news! i hope that shes doing ok. but theres lots of other people in line for treatment. doctors are busy people who are booked up solid most of the time. just be paitent. at least you only have to wait 2 or 3 weeks. some people have to wait longer. best wishes to you and your daughter!

QUESTION ID: RPE2WJFHPGH4KF7
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why didn t Israel make public that the death toll for the Holocaust has been lowered to 3.5 million?
QUESTION CONTENT: After testings and years of proofs, it s been discovered that the original assupmtion that 4 million Jews were killed at Auschwitz was mistaken, and the number was changed from:before: 4 million Jewsnow: 1.5 million people, including Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, etc.They even changed the plaque at the entrance of the memorial, but this has not received much attention.Why do you think they didn t make this widely public/ Do you think they should make this public to avoid confussions?Note: wikipedia and other sites tell that this number (4 million) was not counted for the 6 million toll. Actually, if you seek the list of victims and the places you will find out that those 4 million represent 2/3 of the 6 million toll.Even more, this website has a list of different claims of the death toll made throught history. Notice how the number of proven deaths is less than 400,000.http://chapelhill.indymedia.org/news/2004/06/10692_comment.php?theme=1
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73004
I m afraid that wherever you re getting your numbers you may want to question the source.  The total death toll for the Holocaust is probably somewhere between 8 and 11 million, about 5.9 million of which was Jews.  The rough estimate forthe deaths at Auschwitz is somewhere between 1.2-2.8 million or so, probably a bit toward the lower end of the spectrum.  The problem with the Holocaust is that what most people are not aware of is that a majority of the killing was not done in concentration camps or death camps (these are two separate things), but rather in train cars and mass executions in the countryside in Poland and Russia.  These people were often buried in mass graves, or later cremated at death camps, and no remains are found.  Most of the numbers quoted are rough estimates done by counting the population of the town/city/country before the war, and then doing some counts afterwards.  The reason the number of confirmed deaths is so small is because in many cases there was literally NO population left afterwards.  It s hard to confirm that the whole village is gone if there s no one in the village left to confirm.  Many people, neo-Nazis and the anti-Israel crowd (these are two separate sets of people) among them, are still trying to come up with reasons why the Holocaust either didn???t happen, or was ???blown out of proportion.???  I???m afraid that in this case the historical evidence is just a little too overwhelming to come to any other conclusion.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21705
After a fair amount of research on this....on tottaly non-bias sites (Not Israeli sites, not Nazi sites) the original numbers stand...I think that your site is faulted. Sorry

QUESTION ID: RPN44C7TZO8T3O8
QUESTION SUBJECT: What is Existential Angst?  And why are some more prone to it than others? (NO GLIB ANSWERS...EXPOUND!)?
QUESTION CONTENT: PLEASE NO SMART-@SS ANSWERS.  BE REAL...TRY AT LEAST.  Is existential angst self-obsession or legitimate angst?   Is it feeling sorry for oneself or questioning the status quo of life and looking for more meaning?  Why are some people more prone to it than others who don t seemed worried/in wonder of their role or destiny in life at all? And then, if you get that far.  How does one get out of it?  Move past worrying about destiny and being and then to the next step of living with that awareness?I am loving these answers!! Thank you all thus far...especially the ones that really thought about it and went off!! I am getting a little clearer from some of the comments already but will keep it open just a bit longer to see what else pops up! thanks! Good thinking folks!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79434
Existential angst is the anxiety of the possibly meaninglessness of existence.  Is it legitimate or self-obsessive?  I would have to say that depends on the degree to which it is taken.  Some questioning of meaning and tradition is a good thing, but a person who suffers because the meaning of life is not spelled out in the sky in large golden letters is taking it too far.  If one uses it as a legitimate platformto question the assumptions and existence of their life, I would take it as a positive thing.  If instead of using their existential angst to rebuild a stronger self with a more defensible outlook on life, they wallow in self-pity and depression, they are probably approaching the issue from the wrong angle.  Whether somebody experiences existential angst or not, and the degree to which they experience it depends largely on the experiences they have encountered in life.  I believe that somebody who lives comfortably, never hears any challenges to their worldview, nevers hears any contrary opinions, and never has any experience causing them to question their assumptions would not be too likely to have existential angst.  Unfortunately (or fortunately if you look at it a different way) this is very rare.  Almost everybody at some point in their life encounters a problem which their personal philosophy has trouble resolving.  I think that people not feeling existential angst are probably those on opposite ends of the spectrum:  they have either never been exposed to the real world and have never wondered about their prupose, or they have thought about the issue extensively and resolved it to their satisfaction.  How to get out of existential angst?  There are a lot of answers.  I think Heidegger would say to become an authentic self - do that which is true your self.  Nietzsche would say to live your life aesthetically, not worrying about tradition, but instead seeing your life as an artwork.  Buddhism says to recognize that the idea of a self separated from the world and others is a dangerous illusion, an illusion which causes existential angst.  Me personally, not that i have resolved the meaning of my own existence, I would say to find a community which shares your values and interests because humans get personal value from social interaction and meaning from tradition.  Also to recognize that having a meaning prescribed to you (as most people seem to want) is actually a worse option than choosing your own meaning.  Every moment that you spend worrying about your existence is one less moment to be enjoying that existence, so act.UPDATE: i was a little sloppy with my heidegger answer, he would say to be authentic, which to him means being in the world and caring for the world.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27528
We are accustomed to experiencing purpose in our lives.  Everything around us has a purpose.  The oven, chair, clock, computer, house, phone, and even the animals seems to serve each others purpose in the balance of life.  But what about us, and our purpose?  Within the span of a 70-80 year old life, at some point, there is a question asked about self purpose.  For some that question looms for their whole life.  For others, this craving is satisfied.Is this feeling legitimate?  If I were to say ???No??? then that would imply a lack of hope.  If you have hope for eternal truth then the desire to search it out will never leave.  So instead of the pain in angst, consider the hope of truth and the resolution between yourself and that truth.Now your last question is actually a VERY good one.  Because it implies that you recognize the responsibility of knowing the truth.  Once you have found the truth you must live with your relationship to that truth.  If your life is not in harmony with the truth then YOU must be the one to change, as the truth will not.  So perhaps the first step in the journey is, understanding that you must be willing to change.  Once the pain of change has occurred however, the world is discovered again, as if you are looking through a new window of beliefs.  The experience is not terrifying but liberating.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27529
Certainly there exists a full spectrum of responses to the curiosty of life s meaning. On one end of that spectrum could be Existential, ie life has no meaning. It simply is because you perceive it to be; If there is a meaning to life, it too, existentially, must exist only because you percieve it. To ponder the order of existence or your place in it is simply recreational. Just like solving sudokus, some people enjoy the pondering more than others. (This does not include those whose intellect simply precludes philosophical ponderings.) While notfamiliar with the term Existential Angst, I presume it is both legitamate and obsessive in your case. Legitimate because it is unavoidable, and obsessive because you percieve it to be.I would not say get out of it ! Explore the curiosity of life s mission or lack thereof.... fearlessly. Accept that you can never know, and pursue the best course.

QUESTION ID: RQ0GAOZMGF8IFX0
QUESTION SUBJECT: Something I don t understand is why there is little philosophy in this section?
QUESTION CONTENT: I ve noticed that in this section I see many religious questions.  And yet you see very few philosophy questions (and answers)...  If this is indeed a philosophy section then please ask your religious questions in the Religion&Spirituality section.  So I ask: is there are reason for this mockery of the section?  Give your best answer please...Let me clarify... I have no problem with people answering or asking religious questions that have to do with philosophy.  What irritates me is answers like: God must have a reason, God created humans therefore we are here for a reason, and the like...
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79710
Well, the question sounds like it is geared towards a very modern / postmodern / contemporary viewpoint.  Philosophy was very intimately connected with religion for the majority of the middle and ancient ages.  Whether one was Pagan, Christian, Islamic, Jewish, etc., many tied a strand between religion and philosophy.  Don t misunderstand me, for there were many accepted articles of faith; but on a whole, many believed that philosophy could help us understand religion more fully.  It was not substantively until the Reformation that a real schism started to take a substantive foothold between philosophy and religion.  Regardless, I have noticed MANY non-philosophical questions in this section.  My answer is this: I would have to suppose that many do not truly know what philosophy IS, which may be a good question to ask . . .Edit: Directed towards a previous answer: I would be very careful about turning to websites for definitive answers on philosophers.  I have noticed many to contain errors, and scholarship is far from unanimous on questions concerning Plato and Socrates.  For instance, in reference to Socrates NOT being concerned with things beneath the earth or in the skies - in the Apology, he specifically acknowledges one of his accusations as being concerned with things under the earth and in the heavens.  He says, It is something like this. Of course, one may argue that he continues to say, In fact none of these things is so. But that seems to be a quick and juvenile reading of it since it is more likely that he is referring to his difference with the sophists - that he does not try to make money off of educating others, which is why the sentence continues and if you have heard from anyone that I attempt to educate human beings and make money from it... In fact, Socrates even says that the charges brought against him, the things aloft and under the earth,  not believing in gods, and making the weaker speech the stronger, can be made against any philosopher.  So I would have to say that he is very much concerned with the things aloft and under the earth, and that it serves a twofold purpose.  I believe, in part, that it was a shot at Homer, who often speaks about the things in heaven and under the earth, especially in the Iliad.  And the second purpose it serves is to act as an encompassment.  When he acknowledges the things both under the earth and in heavens, he acknowledges that he inquires into EVERYTHING - thus, the nature of philosophy.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16760
I asked the same question yesterday.  There are also a lot of questions which have nothing to do with philosophy or religion.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27819
From my Philosophy classes, I m not sure you can really answer that.  I mean, religion is in a sense a form of philosophizing.  Everything a Philosopher has ever said is simply beliefs, theories about life and the world around them, and the inner world inside their mind.Plato said (pillaged from a web site quoted below): As Plato saw it, hope of survival comes naturally to the philosopher, whose whole life is one of preparation for death. What happens when we die, after all, is that the human soul separates from the human body, and it is concern for the soul rather than the body that characterizes a philosophical life. In fact, Plato argued that since knowledge of the most important matters in life is clearest to the soul alone, its customary attachment to a mortal body often serves only as a distraction from what counts. Here I am, thinking seriously about eternal truth, and then . . . I get hungry or sleepy, and the needs of the body interfere with my study. So, Plato concluded, the philosopher may properly look forward to death as a release from bodily limitations. If you think about that, it s a theory of what happens when you die.  All religions are a preparation for the afterlife, what happens when you die.Socrates this site (below) claims: Socrates was the first philosopher to focus specifically on the area of VALUES (the problems of God, the Good and the Beautiful). He did not claim an interest in things beneath the earth and in the skies (i.e., a knowledge of nature). When you think of yourself, you can t help but think of it in context to what you know, to what s around you.  If notions of God are all around you, how can you separate that from how you view what your life is and could be.Durkheim (a bit more modern  ;)) had a feeling on religion (another paraphrase): Emile Durkheim was clearly a seminal figure in functionalist theory. He regarded religion as of vital importance in all societies, as it provided a key function in assisting social cohesion, he was concerned with what religion was and secondly the role it played in human society. To Durkheim, religion was a social thing par excellence outside of each individual, waiting for him/her at birth to help mould the individual into society. I think it s very difficult to separate philosophy from religion, that is likely why we see so many religious questions in this section.On that note, I do wish that some of the SPECIFIC religion questions would go elsewhere.  :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27820
A lot of people have only a vague notion of what philosophy is.  Then, too, outside of academia, it may be perfectly valid to use a very loose definition of philosophy: the sort of down home philosophy which is the real soul of the people.  It does get confused with religion and spirituality, but then those are often confused in academia, as well.  Also, there is the philosophy of phenomenon:  philosophy of religion, philosophy of social science, etc.

QUESTION ID: RRAWSP7VCW5WGE3
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to make a stink bomb?
QUESTION CONTENT: My older brother used to takes us to the Saturday afternoon matinee and when the theater was jam-packed full of food-fighting kids, we couldn t find a seat.So, my big brother took something out of his pocket that looked like a small ketchup package leftover from Wendys and, he stepped on it releasing the most foul, rotten-eggs ever! We got our seats all right but we had to put up with the stink for awhile.Now just for chits and giggles, how can I make another big stink like big brother did?You sound like a real fun guy, DrHenry. Be sure to sign up for the virtual pro-bowlers tour, should be lots of prize money for a wheezing, snotty-nosed, sickly brat like you!Way to be Bubbles!If you think you are going to get ten points off of me you can forget it!Anyone with as many points as you, is not doing it for the points.Keep having fun!!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78701
A stink bomb or stinkbomb is a device designed to create an unpleasant smell. They range in effectiveness from simple pranks to military grade chemical agents.At one end of the spectrum, relatively harmless stink bombs consist of aluminum sulfide, which smells strongly of rotten eggs. When exposed to air, the aluminum sulfide reacts with moisture, hydrolyzes, and hydrogen sulfide is released. Other popular substances on which to base stink bombs are thiols with lower molecular weight, e.g., methyl mercaptan and ethyl mercaptan ??? the chemicals that give odor to skunks and are added to natural gas. A variation on this idea is the scent bomb, or perfume bomb, filled with an overpowering cheap perfume smell. Prank stink bombs and perfume bombs are usually sold as a 1- or 2- ml sealed glass ampoule, which can be broken by throwing against a hard surface or by crushing under one s shoe sole, thus releasing the odorous liquid contained therein.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29994
Stink bombs can be dangerous to the health of some people, especially little kids and people with respiratory problems.  Not funny at all if people get sick.

QUESTION ID: RTM2QQKEPYB71ZZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I decide what kind of major I want in college, without disappointing my parents?
QUESTION CONTENT: I really would like to have a major in Graphic Design or Music, but I don t know how to break this to my parents, as they want me to go with a science or medicine major. This is hard, because my dad is a doctor, and everybody expects me to go into smart subjects like that. It s not like I m bad at those subjects...not at all. It s just that I don t enjoy these subjects, and would rather go into the arts. Is this a bad thing?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70697
you have gotten some really good responses. my take: do your homework. if you decide to pursue a field you believe you would like, be prepared to argue you case: how is the job field, where will you attend school, how long is the program, etc. if you can present the facts to them, like an adult would (pretend you are a lawyer:>), they will at least respect you and see that you are serious. good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76628
Hmmm.  Welcome to my world 10 years ago.  My suggestion to you is to pick something that is a combination of something you like and something that allows you to get a decent job after graduation.  I think that you should look at what kind of jobs you could get with the degrees you are considering and use that to help you make your decision.As for your parents, what s most important is pleasing yourself, not them.  If your parents truly love you and support you then they will ultimately accept any decision you make.  Note that I said ultimately.  This acceptance will not come quickly, and you need to understand that.The bottom line is that you need to be happy, but don t forget about being practical in the process.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76629
Most parents just want their kids to be happy.  Just be honest and break the news to them gently and face whatever consequences your choice might have.  (Such as worst case scenario they may not support your choice and withdraw financial support.)Rembember though, no matter how they react, it is your life and you re the one who has to live with your choices.Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76630
First of all, find out the best colleges that offer your choice of majors. Then given that you have the required credentials to get into those, you have to convince your parents at this stage that that s what you want to do. Period. Not too sure about Music, but Graphic Design definitely has a good future scope, jobwise. Do well there too, and your parents will automatically settle to feeling happy about your achievements.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76631
Consider yourself lucky that you have the choice to be a doctor or other really important jobs. I m not suggesting that you should pursue the fields strongly suggested by your parents, but I think you should feel confident that you have the choice.Your decision depends on some factors which you can consider:- Careers in graphic design often take place in large firms where you will be working for someone (an Art Director, Product Manager, etc.) and within a team. You can be a contractor, but you will need to build credentials by working on projects and with other people who may not necessarily share your design intuition. This means that you could be in a corporate environment, working under tight deadlines, and having to compromise your art.You could also be a gifted graphic designer... but keep in mind that design must serve a purpose. Design for the sake of design is often times just art, and unless you want to sell art to make a living, you may find some struggles as an artist.The pros is that you can work on the next great artwork that will be published internationally or become a public display. So you can find satisfaction knowing that you worked on that particular design. You could also take the academic route and teach.- Music is great, but you must also work hardto become a great musician. If you have a gift, then you should pursue it. But otherwise it s also hard work to find related jobs. The pros is that you can work alongside celebrities or travel the world (i.e. joining an orchestra). You can also become a composer or perhaps a director. But as I understand, you must keep up with the skills, the music trend, and the music world, like other entertainment industries, moves fast and can leave you behind. Perhaps this is the reason your parents would feel that Music is unstable (but definitely not not smart ).- Science/medicine majors have their downs and ups. They are prestiguous because they deal with human life or the physical world and they make a difference. You could be a doctor, scientist who works in a lab to discover the cure for cancer, or even a teacher/professor (though the pay in the US is bad). But you have to like dealing with suffering and pain... dealing with people and their complaints. I think to be fair, you should ask your parents about the pros/cons of the majors/professions that they want you to pursue, and tell them, in an adult way, that you take their views and knowledge with great weight, but that you have to make the decision for yourself so that you can live your life.Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76632
First of all, graphic design and music are majors which require a lot of talent and smarts.  I know what your parents mean by smart subjects, but top artists and musicians are considered geniuses too.  You really should pursue what your passion is.  If you don t care for medecine or science but you purse it, then you will not be happy, nor will you be doing a service to your patients or the profession.  You will then blame your unhappiness on your parents (and be in therapy for a long time).  Graphic design has a lot of possibiliteis, and from what the others have said, there are some good jobs available.  Every field is competetive, so you should not let this deter you.  As for majoring in music, you should only major in that if there is nothing else you can do and be happy, and you are extremely passionate about pursing it.  What area specifically would you study in music?  You can study graphic design as a major, you could study music as an elective.  There are many people who work outside of music during the day, and play in orchestras at night.  Music is extremely competetive, and usually you will know for sure if you must major in it, as you will not be able to get enough of it, and all other majors simply will not do.  Also, many musicians start studying at an early age and have much experience by the time they enter college.  As for your parents, when you go to college, you will be an adult, and can make your own decisions.  Having said that, they may decide not to financially help you, and you may have to put yourself through school.  You do need to tell them of your plans and career possibilities after you do some research.  Having done this research regarding possible jobs will impress them and might help them to see your desire.  As someone said before, if they truely care about you, eventually they will support your decision.  It might take them ten years however.  How you approach it and how they react really depends on the particulars of your relationship.  It also depends on your temperment, determination, and passion for your art.The other option is to double major in something you want, and something they want.  However I do not suggest this, as it is very time consuming and difficult.  Sometimes spending time on a fall back major takes away from your primary studies in art, and results in your having to use that fall back major, simply becuase you didn t focus on your art asmuch as you would have liked to.  This is only as a last resort.  Good luck!

QUESTION ID: RTOJVJEDGUK0AAE
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can you say homeschoolers have never been out in the real world!!!?
QUESTION CONTENT: I think it is just rude when people say that homeschoolers have never been out in the real world.  Like what is the real world ?  I am not living in some fake world .  Just walking down the street anything can happen, not just at school.  Give me your opinion.  Thank-you!Please put a star if you think the question is interesting.  Thanks...HOw can you say I havnt been in the real world?  you never know if i have been to a public school.  I have been to a public school for 8 years!  And I know what its like to hate.  I am not bringing hate upon others, I just asked a quesiton.  Thanks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1132
Hahaha yah - I never thought that homeschoolers were not in the real world, whatever that is supposed to mean. Public school is not the real world, that s for sure.  I think people might just mean that you don t have as many social interactions on a day-to day basis (which may or many not be true, I wasn t homeschooled so I have no idea)... but it s not like you can t join sports teams and take art classes or join 4-H do whatever else youdo for social interaction.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9105
people say that homeschoolers have never been out in the real world because its generally believed that social skills are learned in school and that if you have never been then you would not know how to function when you had to get a job or go off to college. But thats not always true, since homeschooled kids are ususally[not always]placed in afterschool programs or summer programs or classes that are not academic where they can learn those same exact skills. So the only people [NOT only homeschooled people]i would say have yet to experience anything would be the ones that are completely shelter by their parents. i.e all they do is get up have the teacher come or go to school and sit at home with their parents, running errands and stuff.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43912
Those who say that are ignorant. It s clear from their answers! The problem with homeschooling is that the students never learn the proper socialization process that takes place in a group environment. So... until mass schooling became available, people never knew how to function properly in a group? Oh, thanks, good to know. {rolling eyes} HOMESCHOOLERS HAVE NEVER DEALT WITH OTHER GIRLS OR BOYS IN SCHOOL. LIKE WHEN YOU TOTALY HATE ANOTHER GIRL. LIKE MEAN GIRLS. ITS LIFE So, hateable people are only in schools? And the only chance to interact with other boys and girls is in school? Uh huh. It s about interaction with other kids and people. They don t learn how to deal with situations until they are exposed to it. Translation: I think homeschooled kids stay home all the time [because surely that s what I would do if I homeschooled my kids].  It is the socialization process that is the real point of high school. That is what home schooling cannot provide. And I m sure they test your social skills to get your diploma, right? And why should homeschooling not provide the socialization process? Did you stay at home all the time while homeschooled? Then shame on you and your parents! High schooled homeschoolers *I* know are among the busiest kids I ve met precisely because they are doing things with other people sooooo much. It s hard to socialize when all you really talk to is siblings and your parents {dying of laughter first} Here s the real question: WHY do people believe that homeschoolers stay at home all day and don t do things with other people????????????And here we come to the real crux of the matter: because we have spent soooooooooooooo much time growing up in public schools, too many people have processed that as real ( normal ), which makes the different not real . This is psychologically called perseverative thinking and indicates an inability to consider other options, see other possibilities. It is, incidentally, tied with a whole host of problems/disorders, ranging from ADHD to anxiety and mood disorders, negative dispositions and more.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43913
Big Bobby ClobberFirst:  Public School is not the real world. In the real world you are not clumped in with people the same age as you with basically the same backgrounds and the same opinions.Homeschoolers are much more likely to live out in the world. Because it takes fewer hours to finish the academic side of education homeschoolers have more time to do other things. Also, because they do not have a built in system of extracurricular activities they have to go looking for them (in the real world) which exposes them to people of much more varied ages, interests, cultures, and backgrounds than students attending public schools.  This is a much better representation of the real world than what one finds at a public school.Second: Socialization does not equal social skills.  Socialization is a process of creating artificial conformity which leads not to good social skills but a narrowminded viewpoint of the world.Social Skills are the practice of treating others in a respectful way and finding ways to work together despite differences in thought, personality, manner and dress, etc.  This is definately not what is learned in public schools. Homeschoolers on the other hand tent to learn these types of lessons well, because they are out in the real world.Not to mention that numerous studies and surveys of employers and Institutions of higher learning show that homeschool graduates tend to do better socially in college and inthe workplace than their public school peers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43914
I am homeschooled, and I have 15+ friends.  I have social skills just as good as any other student, and a way better ecudation.  I m 15 and i m doing college-level mathematics, biology, and English.  I m a lot more thoughtful than some of my publicly schooled friends.  One of my friends didn t know that sunburns don t show up as brightly on darker skin!  Now.. that s just plain logic right?  I am very social.  I m in a homeschool group that does a lot of cool things, like go-carting and going to the movies and all that good stuff.  I also take a bunch of classes for the arts so I get to meet all sorts of cool people from different places and have different form of education.  A lot of publicly schooled kids only learn how to talk to their peers.  Not all sorts of different people around them.  Every adult i meet say that I m the sweetest girl they ve ever met.  My mom gets lots of complaments on me. lol.I know a homeschooled girl who s level of intelligance is higher than most adults and it shows strongly!  There only one world.  There is no real or fake world.  It s all just the world .  There s no right or wrong way to live in this world.  Just like there s no right way to dress yourelf.  You don t go in a specific order Pants before shirt .  You just dress yourself in the way that seems most logical to you.  I hate it when people who know nothing about the world of homeschooling automatically begin saying terrible things about it.  I find public school to be far more isolated than the homeschool world.  Everyday you re trappedinside this huge building, with a bunch of people around you.  School really shouldn t be a place to hang out , it should be a place strictly for education.  I rest my case.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43915
by definition, homeschoolers are deprived of the opportunity to learn to fit into the mainstream of their community in a functioning manner.  I know there are many problems with lots and lots of public schools, but learning the three r s is only part of the lesson schools provide.   It doesn t matter how smart and educated you are if you can t apply your talents because you haven t learned how to interface with ALL levels of society.And like it or not, kids perceive homeschool and private school kids as weird because they aren t acting normal.  I m not justifying it, I m just stating a fact.  They assume you must be defective somehow, like riding the short bus.  No system is perfect.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43916
90% of jobs are attained because of who you know.  Forming those relationships and alliances is crucial to your future, and a large part of that socialization process occurs in school.  Most students in general are living in a fake world which you will understand after about 3 months of working full-time, and then listening to any conversation high school kids are having in any mall across america.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43917
One cannot underestimate the social aspects of school.  School is very very social.   This is especially true starting in 4th grade.  When I say social, I don t mean playtime.  Iam talking about working on team projects, taking band and chorus, classroom feedback and interaction where another kid asks a question that helps your understanding of a problem.  Standing in front of a class and giving a presentation is a critical skill and is difficult to teach from home.  My kids are going to a school with 20 kids per class.  There is one teacher and one aid (somebody with educational training).  This creates a 1-10 ratio.  I freely admit that it s not as good as a constant 1 on 1 (the only reason that this subject is even debatable) .  My kids also go to school for 6 hours a day which is significantly more than most home schoolers teach on a daily basis.  My kids also get 1-3 hours of homework per day.  I personally spend 1 hour per day with my kids checking homework (and making them fix errors), quizzing them before tests, reading and commenting on their reports and projects.    My wife is home full time and is very educated.  There is still no way that she could come even close to delivering the school + home education that my kids are getting by going to school.  Home schooled kids are getting shortchanged, and that is a travesty.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55189
A few haven tMay religious and, how shall we call them, ZENOPHOBS do chain Susan and Johnny to the bed and don t let them out even into the front yard.For this, SOCIETY comes down on a whole system!NOT!

QUESTION ID: RUEQ8CALRBB0JKX
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does one truly distinguish between facts of studies when oncologists don t own up to damages from chemo?
QUESTION CONTENT: You hear all of the scary things&the latest is now I will have brain damage along with cancer?  What do you do??http://www.latimes.com/news/science/la-sci-chemo1dec01,0,5016382.story?coll=la-home-headlinesWhy does this article state otherwise about oncologists?  Just something they dreamed up?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52486
Oncologists are the first to own up to the facts of chemotherapy.  Shame on you for insinuating otherwise.  The sad fact is that it is a  matter of a choice between the lesser of two evils.  Die quickly from cancer, or less quickly with treatment.  None of us get out of this alive you know.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85054
I am not sure what your intent is with this type of report? Are you angry that chemotherapy may save lives? The article is interesting and somewhat informative as it expains why some people may feel they have chemo brain during treatment. (it hasn t seemed to bother my son  yet . . something we ll watch for, although it is the least of our concerns for his future).My son has had 16 months of high dose chemotherapy to treat an abdominal sarcoma that had metastasized throughout his body. Chemotherapy literally saved his life. At diagnosis his primary abdominal tumor was the size of a volley ball. It was compressing his stomach so he could barely eat. His heart was displaced up around his neck and shoulder. He had 30 pounds of fluid in his abdomen from the tumors weeping. The tumor had seeded hundreds of small tumors onto his right diaphragm (creatinga caking). He had tumors in his chest wall, spleen, large and small intestine, spots on the right lung, and swollen lympth nodes. We were told by a team of pediatric oncologists as gently as possible that our son had a rare, aggressive sarcoma that rarely responded to treatment. He had too many tumors within his body for surgery. We were given the choice of taking him home or fighting the disease. He chose to fight. His first two rounds of chemo he had minimal response. And, it did not look too good. But by the fourth round he suddently started responding .. 20 % shrinkage of the tumors. With more chemo he responded even more, almost up to 50% and he suddenly became a candidate for surgery. We ve been doing this now for 20 months, he not only responded to chemotherapy, he has thrived . . and more importanly . . he has lived. And, while he was taking chemotherapy, losing his hair, between being hospitalized . . he finished all his high school classes. He has excellent quality of life and only a few 1 cm nodules (inoperable again) on his liver . . so he is taking a couple college classes until he can do a stem cell transplant. Chemo brain?  We ll deal with it should it happen . . when you have a disease as deadly as cancer, sometimes you need to take a chance in order to survive. There has never been a guarantee that chemotherapy treatment will work or that it is not without a health risk . . in fact, that was the very first thing that my sons pediatric oncologist told us. She was totally honest with us. She told us that she would help our son fight this disease as long as he wanted. She has been outstanding and we credit her for doing the research and referring him to undergo experimental cytoreductive surgery and heated chemotherapy to address the hundreds of tumors that had seeded into the abdomen and diaphragm. We hope that she has saved his life, but even if that is not to be . .  my son s oncologist gave him quality of life and precious, precious time.I hope you do not have chemo brain , but now that you are aware that it is a possibility perhaps you could take some steps to minimize it? Or, like us . . just deal with it . . if and when it ever happens. Good luck.

QUESTION ID: RX1TMTPTLX2A1I5
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you get to heaven ??
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11390
you have to love everyone and try to make this world a better place for all people and be your best then not only you will go to heaven but also you will make a heaven in this world too
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76947
There won t be many people that go to heaven.The rest of christians will spend eternity on paradise earth.To begin with, the Bible states that only a limited number of faithful Christians???namely, 144,000 of them???are raised as spirit creatures to live in heaven. Why are they given this wonderful reward? Because they make up the group that John saw in a vision who came to life and ruled as kings with the Christ for a thousand years. (Revelation 14:1, 3; 20:4-6) Compared with the billions on earth, the 144,000 truly are a little flock. (Luke 12:32) Moreover, having experienced the problems common to humankind, like Jesus they will be able to sympathize with our weaknesses as they supervise the rehabilitation of mankind and of the earth.???Hebrews 4:15.By providing the ransom sacrifice of Jesus Christ, God began gathering the 144,000 almost 2,000 years ago, and indications are that this group is now complete. (Acts 2:1-4; Galatians 4:4-7) However, Jesus sacrifice was not for the sins of the 144,000 only, but also for the whole world s. (1 John 2:2) Hence, all who exercise faith in Jesushave the prospect of eternal life. (John 3:16) Those asleep in the grave but who are in God s memory will be resurrected, not to heaven, but to life on a cleansed earth. (Ecclesiastes 9:5; John 11:11-13, 25; Acts 24:15

QUESTION ID: S10P0FGJG0XJ1FZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I get a firearms license in Minnesota?
QUESTION CONTENT: A couple of friends and myself want to get our firearms license.  One of my friends and I are prior military and have used firearms as part of our training.  But we never thought about the civilian license until recently.   Unfortunately, any information I can gather from the Internet is geared toward hunting and youth.  If anyone knows a place thats offers courses and training in Minnesota (preferably Dakota County), it would be much appreciated.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4198
Minnesota has a Permit To Purchase requirement for handgun purchases and assault weapon type purchases.Go to your local sherrif s office or police station. They will have a form for you to fill out, and in about 7 days they will call and tell you if you passed the background check and come on down and pick up your permit. Basically as long as you are of age, not a nutcase, and not a felon , you get the permit.Once oyu get your Permit To Purchase, simply go to a gunstore and pick out what you want.  Now, the dealer will need to run the very same check the police just ran. It doesn t matter that the police ran it a week ago (yes, this is a reduntant waste of tax payer money) but the dealer will run an instant check by phone. (as does the police, they just often drag their feet and take as long as possible to issue it, basically forcing it into a defacto cooling off period ) I have an uncommon last name, so I get passed within minutes. If your name is David Smith, expect for it to take longer, up to a few days, but that is quite rare.There is no need to register any firearms, and no permit to purchase for shotguns or hunting type rifles.Dakotah Firing Range is right to mystic lake casino, in the sports complex right behind it.  Burnsville Pistol Range is probably the most economical. Hit up either of those, they both will have basic NRA pistol classes.Now, there is one more permit in MN, concealed carry permit (although in MN there is no need for you to actually conceal the gun if you have the permit to carry it).  This requires you to attend a concealed carry class, usually costing about $100, Joel Rosenberg, the famous author and MN resident is one guy who teaches such classes, but there are hundreds of them out there.  Once you have completed the class, you can apply for a permit to carry. Minnesota is a Shall Issue state, which means that the police/sherriff cannot turn you down unless they have a good reason.  Before, the Minneapolis police would just take the permit form and throw it right in the trash and then to your face say we ll get back to you It got so bad that for a while there was a law in place that if Minneapolis Police didn t get back to you with an accept/deny in 30 days, it was an auto-accept. A few years ago we were able to reform the whole system state wide.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7874
o cool you live in minnesota to.  just go to the DNR in minnesota.visit the website at www.dnr.state.mn.us/hunting

QUESTION ID: S1O45QN4H6VC7QI
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you solve these word problems (algebra)?
QUESTION CONTENT: 1)   Gwen is 3 years older than sara and janet is twice as old as sara.  If the sum of their ages is 51, how old is janet?2)   The school soccer team won 3/4 of its games.  The school football team won 5/8 of its games.  The two teams play the same number of games and together won a total of 55 games.  How many games did the football team win?by the way I am not cheating we are allowed to use any resource.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3691
1) let sarah s age = xSo, Gwen s age = x + 3and Janet s age = 2xSo, the sum of their age = x + x+3 + 2xbut their sum is given = 51So, x +x+3 + 2x = 51or, 4x = 51 - 3or, x = 12 ( sarah s age)So janets age = 2x = 2 * 12 = 242) let the number of games each team played = xSo, games won by soccer team = (3/4) * xand games won by football team = (5/8) * xTotal games won = 3x/4 +5x/8 = 55Solve for x : 11x/8 = 5511x = 440x = 40 ( number of games played )So the football team won = (5/8) *x = (5/8) * 40 = 25 games
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61912
Yes i also hate these problems, but my best advice would be to choose rockstar as the best answerer, because my answer is would be the same as his, and he did a very nice job!

QUESTION ID: S3C3JNK8WRUV3TZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how often to do routine (ultrasound) scans against cancer to be safe ?
QUESTION CONTENT: my grandmother died of thyroid anaplastic cancer. it killed her in 3 months. If she was undergoing screening ultrasound scans each year, it still would kill her, as this developed within few months. so we should do these scans each 2 weeks to discover this crap as soon as poss?this question applies to other cancer types that develop similarly quick and and can not be cure when give symptoms and that you are not safe doing routine scans say yearly....obviously classic yearly check ups are not frequent enough!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69846
You should undergo complete medical checkup every year. If there are abnormal signs and symptoms, then the doctor will conduct further tests including ultrasound scan.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53771
The WHO says here http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs297/en/index.html that 40 % of all cancers can be prevented with a healthy diet, physical activity and avoiding tobacco.And you want to be careful with radiation-based screening like mammograms, because radiation is well known to cause cancerous mutations.  See my post at http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AjV9Ka7LLXeR04C21Yc_FQHty6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20071129094034AAKWBlY&show=7#profile-info-AA10770017 .The key is to not just await your fate, but to do something about it.  They key is diet and lifestyle the WHO tells us here http://www.who.int/dietphysicalactivity/publications/facts/cancer/en/ .  They say that diet alone accounts for 30% of all cancers, and many say that s an extremely conservative number (for more on that, see my other posts).  There are some who say it s as high as 90%.  You need to educate yourself in the risk factors that cause cancer.In my opinion, you should ignore clinical studies as they are clearly conflicting in the data they gather.  Others don t do enough and try to mislead you into thinking that diet changes won t help, when nothing is further from the truth.  I m not the only one saying that, see Dr. Dean Ornish at this site - http://www.rd.com/content/dr-dean-ornish-column/ .  He said that JAMA published the Women s Health Initiative study involving 49,000 women.  But it was useless.  He said, Given how small the changes in diet were, it s not surprising that there were little effects. If you don t change much, you don t improve much.  By analogy, it s as though the women in one group reduced the number of cigarettes they smoked each day from 60 to 57 and in the other group from 60 to 55. You wouldn t expect to see much difference in the rates of lung cancer in these two groups. In other words, they didn t test the hypothesis. That s the kind of conflicting (engineered to fail?) studies and trials I m talking about.  He says the more people changed their diet and lifestyle, the more improvement we measured. In order to reverse disease, people needed to make much bigger changes than most doctors had been recommending. That s right, not just prevent, but reverse disease through diet.  Dr. Ornish s organization does their own studies because of the conflicting and just plain wrong information gathered from other studies that only further coerce and confuse people into accepting there s nothing they can do about their health.  There s clearly a movement to get people to think they are powerless when it comes to disease, but that s just not right.  The WHO and many other MDs, not just alternative medicine practitioners, are saying there s adequate evidence to definitively determine that diet and lifestyle are major causes of disease.Your tax dollars paid for Dr. T. Colin Campbell s studies on nutrition as he worked with the NIH, ACS and AICR for more than 40 years.  He used the scientific method to determine the findings written in his book, The China Study.  He says things like a good diet is the most powerful weapon we have against disease and sickness on page 3.  He says on page 7, people who ate the most animal-based foods got the most chronic disease.  Even relatively small intakes of animal-based food were associated with adverse effects.  People who ate the most plant-based foods were the healthiest and tended to avoid chronic disease. And, one of my favorites is on page 3, [cancer and disease]all come down to three things: breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Cancer is a degenerative disease and as such can be reversed. - page 45 of A Cancer Battle Plan. Cancer is, after all, a disease of a weak immune system. - page 53 of the same book.  Also see more information from my post at http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AsVDsQ5CGwkzhx56UqlGDR7sy6IX;_ylv=3?qid=20071202171527AA5YcLt&show=7#profile-info-hDiqbJF7aa .There s many that will tell you they ate well and still developed cancer.  But just remember what Anne Frahm said on page 45 of A Cancer Battle Plan - I had always thought I was eating a good, healthy diet. I m not telling you if you eat well you won t get cancer, but I am telling you that you can dramatically reduce your risk of disease.  Ann Fonfa at http://www.annieappleseedproject.com said that it took both diet and herbs.  I know people that reversed leukemia and pancreatic cancer with diet and strong, potent supplments (not the drug store variety).  Both were given 3 months to live by the medical community.  The one with leukemia, when originally diagnosed, had a lymphocyte count of 56.2% on 11/19/98, and after the diet and supplments, on 9/22/99 her lymphocytes dropped to 28%.  She started eating fish and cheating on her diet because she was doing so well, and she started getting sick and her lymphocytes went back up to 61%.  After a quick diet change, she dropped them back down and is doing great.  Her MD told her, whatever you re doing is working. But they won t publish this kind of data.So the question is, do you care about conflicting clinical trials or do you care about results?

QUESTION ID: S3SIEL031D5ATUQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to study well?
QUESTION CONTENT: nithiljohn@yahoo.co.in
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73023
SQ3R is a proven study method that works VERY well for almost anyone.Survey: Survey the document: scan the contents, introduction, chapter introductions and chapter summaries to pick up a shallow overview of the text. Form an opinion of whether it will be of any help. If it does not give you the information you want, discard it.Question: Make a note of any questions on the subject that come to mind, or particularly interest you following your survey. Perhaps scan the document again to see if any stand out. These questions can be considered almost as study goals - understanding the answers can help you to structure the information in your own mind. If you are reading an academic textbook, it is worth noting that many introductory texts will readily supply you with questions that help to encompass the main idea of the section.Read: Now read the document. Read through useful sections in detail, taking care to understand all the points that are relevant. In the case of some texts this reading may be very slow. This will particularly be the case if there is a lot of dense and complicated information. While you are reading, it can help to take notes in Concept Map format.Recall: Once you have read appropriate sections of the document, run through it in your mind several times. Isolate the core facts or the essential processes behind the subject, and then see how other information fits around them.Review: Once you have run through the exercise of recalling the information, you can move on to the stage of reviewing it. This review can be by rereading the document, by expanding your notes, or by discussing the material with colleagues. A particularly effective method of reviewing information is to have to teach it to someone else!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8302
Sit down in a quit place study what ever it is and go ask some one to quiz you

QUESTION ID: S4GFA1WQPELBY6S
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I find out who were  my grandfather s siblings on the web?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75690
You might not be able to. You are probably under 30 and he was probably born after 1905. Most of the genealogy on the web is about people born before 1900.The easiest way would be of someone had Done your great-grandfather and posted his spouse and children on Roots Web World Connect, GenCircles, or through the Mormons. The first link below is a section of my site devoted to beginning genealogy. The page there devoted to links has links to all three sites I mentioned. The one titled Your grandfather fought in WHAT war? would be good for you to read too. If he and all of his siblings died in California bewteen 1940 and 1995, AND the people who reported the deaths knew his mother s maiden name, AND they knew the father s surname for his sisters who married, AND the two names (father s surname, MMN) were uncommon, you could find them all on the California Death Index. (Link 2)If you know his exact death date and place, you can post a request for an obituary lookup. (See my section again, Obituaries and Etiquette). That may tell you his living siblings. In rare cases it will tell you who preceeded him in death.If you know what county he was born in, you could post a general query on that county s board. If you do, please read my page about posting a good query first. Genealogists expect more than normal Yahoo! users give.You might try the US Gen Web page for his home county. (I have a starting place for US Gen Web on my Links page too.) Some of them have cemetery transcriptions. Some cemeteries have families in one plot, or maiden names, or the note Brother / Sister / Father / Mother of . . . . Many don t, and far too cemeteries have been transcribed.I d try the LDS, RWWC, GC, then an obit request, in that order. He might be on the SSDI, which would give you a start.If you are from Canada, Norway or Australia, you should say so, and very little of what I typed will be of any use to you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83160
www.ancestry.com

QUESTION ID: S5A1AXHWPP67QI3
QUESTION SUBJECT: how did george washington die?
QUESTION CONTENT: i need to know how, where, and why
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78064
 On the morning of the thirteenth, the general was engaged in making some improvements in the front of Mount Vernon. As was usual with him, he carried his own compass, noted his observations, and marked out the ground. The day became rainy, with sleet, and the improver remained so long exposed to the inclemency of the weather as to be considerably wetted before his return to the house. About one o clock he was seized with chilliness and nausea, but having changed his clothes, he sat down to his indoor work - there being no moment of his time for which he had not provided an appropriate employment.......................... At length the well-known step was heard on the stair, and upon the general s entering his chamber, the lady chided him for staying up so late, knowing him to be unwell, to which Washington made this memorably reply: I came so soon as my business was accomplished. You well know that through a long life, it has been my unvaried rule, never to put off till the morrow the duties which should be performed today.  ....................................................To Mrs. Washington he said, Go to my desk, and in the private drawer you will find two papers - bring them to me. They werebrought. He continued - These are my Wills -preserve this one and burn the other, which was accordingly done. Calling to Colonel Lear, he directed - Let my corpse be kept for the usual period of three days. ....................................................No pang or struggle told when the noble spirit took its noiseless flight; while so tranquil appeared the manly features in the repose of death, that some moments had passed ere those around could believe that the patriarch was no more. ............................................................................................................................................................George Washington finished his second term as the first President of the United States in 1797. Weary of the political infighting surrounding the presidency, he longed for the peace of retirement to his beloved Mount Vernon. Unfortunately, his solitude lasted less than three years as he died on December 14, 1799 at age 67.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78065
ive heard his wife killed himive heard he got phyfials (however you spell it)ive heard he was killed by leachesive heard some1 killed him
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78066
Washington died of pneumonia on December 14, 1799, at his Mount Vernon, Virginia estate.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78067
If my Civil War camp councelor is right, he died in Mt. Vernon. He appparently caught a bad cold, had a very high fever, and slept a lot. The doctor (stupidly) used the bleeding technique were you cut the person and try to take the bad germs out by taking out the blood the germs were in. The doctor got over-excited and OVER-BLED poor George. George died of massive bleeding nothing to do with his cold!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78068
Within a year of this 1798 appointment, Washington fell ill from a bad cold with a fever and a sore throat that turned into acute laryngitis and pneumonia and died on December 14, 1799, at his home. Modern doctors believe that Washington died from either a streptococcal infection of the throat or, since he was bled as part of the treatment, a combination of shock from the loss of blood, asphyxia, and dehydration. One of the physicians who administered bloodletting to him was Dr. James Craik, one of Washington s closest friends, who had been with Washington at Fort Necessity, the Braddock expedition, and throughout the Revolutionary War. Washington s remains were buried in a family graveyard at Mount Vernon.

QUESTION ID: S5G1VKJ53RMD5EL
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why most philosophers have disparaged emotions and favored reason ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 28148
Actually, they haven t. If you read some texts on love you will see, that all you have there is emotions.And when it comes to the other matters, they are tring to find as universal truths as possible. And emotions are sth personal, that differs from one to another. Unlike reason. That is why, they had stuck to reason.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11540
in the history of philosophy,the earlier, primitive thinkers found rationality to be the spotlight on the field of being. However, post-modern thinkers have killed the old ways, and taken philosophy to its end. I would suggest reading contemporary, post-nietszchean thinkers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 80024
Most philosophers outside of the Stoics and the Modern Subjectivists do NOT disparage emotions and reason.  Anyone who says they do has a tragically misinterpreted position.  Plato, for instance, is very erotic - especially in his Greek prose.  Eros is all over the place.  People think he disparaged emotions because of the Symposium; however, Socrates NEVER said those were his beliefs, he said those were Diotima s.  Read the Phaedrus, it is very much geared towards love and communication.  Also, many of the mystics are very attuned to their emotions.  Read Saint Augustine s Confessions, which is a very emotional text.  In fact, Abu Nasr Alfarabi s Aphorism 61 states that without love, the virtuous city is not possible.The Epicureans have a doctrine based on pleasure.  However, they believed that the highest pleasure was intellectual activity.  Yet, pleasure is an emotional state.  Diogenes Laertius lays out their maxims.The reason why many of the postmoderns are emotional is because they were attacking Cartesian egoism.  It was Descartes, if anyone, who singlehandedly introduced this rational philosophy.  However, to forget the body is to forget we are human, and that is the gravest mistake of all.  Every great philosopher realized this, as did Christianity in its origins.  Jesus was VERY body oriented.  This is why He speaks of the BODY of Christ, and His BODY and BLOOD at the last supper, and the resurrection of the BODY.  Some theorists actually believe that our political organization affects our thoughts.  They believe that the more democratically oriented we are, the more people-oriented we are, then the more our philosophies recognize the body.  And conversely, the less democratically oriented we are, the more we recognize the mind.  Both are in error, because the truth of the matter is that the two are actually one.  Whoever has been telling you that philosophers disparaged emotions are only presenting one side of a two-sided coin.  I hope this clears some of the misunderstandings up.

QUESTION ID: S5NPYWZSTTSRL78
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can we work together to prevent cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 83950
There are more than 100 types of cancers; any part of the body can be affected.In 2005, 7.6 million people died of cancer - 13% of the 58 million deaths worldwide.More than 70% of all cancer deaths occur in low and middle income countries.Worldwide, the 5 most common types of cancer that kill men are (in order of frequency): lung, stomach, liver, colorectal and oesophagusWorldwide, the 5 most common types of cancer that kill women are (in the order of frequency): breast, lung, stomach, colorectal and cervical.Tobacco use is the single largest preventable cause of cancer in the world.One fifth of all cancers worldwide are caused by a chronic infection, for example human papillomavirus (HPV) causes cervical cancer and hepatitis B virus (HBV) causes liver cancer.A third of cancers could be cured if detected early and treated adequately.All patients in need of pain relief could be helped if current knowledge about pain control and palliative care were applied.40% of cancer could be prevented, mainly by not using tobacco, having a healthy diet, being physically active and preventing infections that may cause cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 33079
This subject is well covered by How to Prevent and Treat Cancer with Natural Medicines by Mike Murray, and Beating Cancer With Nutrition by Pat Quillen. I consider them a must read for all cancer patients.

QUESTION ID: S6YTGD14L16O8DF
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people in the Weather Forum?
QUESTION CONTENT: WHY Do people rate answers with thumbs down when the person who answered is 100% Correct?I have been watching this forum for quite some time now and I have seen alot of miss information being thrown around here in the weather forum. Some information that could quite possably throw someone on the wrong track regarding  there studies and safety1ofShelby, Great Weather Information&Safety InformationMr. Weather, Great Weather Information&Safety InformationWR, Great Weather Information&Safety InformationMr.Burns, Good Weather Information Freight Train, Great Safety&Educaton Resourceto mention a few that are consitantly reliable sources. As a meteorologist for 32 years I have to say that it really amazes me that people are so quick to judge others and rate there answers with a thumbs Down before they actualy check out there resources. Please reconsider your ratings before giving a thumbs down
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 65553
First of all on behalf of 1ofShelby, Mr. Weather, Mr. Burns&WR Thank You for the words of confedence. I see that alot of people just not here but in other forums rate answers to help there freinds and to try and inflate there ratings I would like to think that it does not happen here but It does. I think that in my case that people may be jelousor upset that they did not get the answer first.  As for me I just hope people take the answers and links that I give to heart and realize that I can t give a wrong answer because. 1 I fly the Skywarn Flag as my avatar and I represent Skywarn and the National Weather Service with my answers.2 By providing Safety Links and other links regarding the subject they are asking about might help to safe a life or give them an A on there test. For me it is gratifying that I may have helped someone.If some one rates me with a Thumbsdown that is there problem if some one chooses me over someone elese then they had a better answer. But I hope they at leaset take the time to look at the links to help them bettter understand other answers and questions
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5835
Yes well there are some people who take this Yahoo Answers points system very seriously and they would try anything to get as many points as possible, as if that is the only reason they log on to this forum. Personally, I enjoy giving people the right information when they ask for it and when answering it gives me a sense of fulfillment. Sometimes I learn something new by giving a certain answer. 1ofSelby clearly has the experience and knows what meteorology is all about so we are all glad to have his wisdom around. I don t think I have ever seen a thumbs down given to him, rightfully so.WR and Mr. Burns are a couple of knowledgeable and experienced people always ready to give their view and provide their information.Freight Train obviously with his wealth of resources ready to be given to anyone who asks a question where those links will provide them that information.And I think we shouldn t forget about Water, the #2 best answerer in this forum right behind 1ofSelby. I don t understand why anyone would go ahead and give any of us a poor rating, it just doesn t add up. All things considered, I think that the thumbs up/down system should not be taken seriously because there are people out there who enjoy messing around.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59724
Well thanks for the mention.  The ones that answer way more then me because I am not always free I am still in school, keep up the great answers.  I just think yahoo should get away with the thumbs up/down or have it where only established users can rate.  Also welcome to yahoo answers.

QUESTION ID: S77M2DIMZQBGYHZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: can anyone tell me how a person would feel,if they were havin a heart attack? is there much pain.?
QUESTION CONTENT: i hear many people dying suddenly from heart attacks? and yet they think they have indigestion?? how long can it last and what exactly happens?? does the person feel much pain?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86983
Chest pain is a major symptom of heart attack. However, some people may have little or no chest pain, especially the elderly and those with diabetes. This is called a silent heart attack.The pain may be felt in only one part of the body or move from your chest to your arms, shoulder, neck, teeth, jaw, belly area, or back.The pain can be severe or mild. It can feel like:    * Squeezing or heavy pressure    * A tight band around the chest    * Something heavy sitting on your chest    * Bad indigestionPain usually lasts longer than 20 minutes. Rest and a medicine called nitroglycerine do not completely relieve the pain of a heart attack.Other symptoms of a heart attack include:    * Shortness of breath    * Nausea or vomiting    * Anxiety    * Cough    * Fainting    * Lightheadedness - dizziness    * Palpitations (feeling like your heart is beating too fast)    * Sweating, which may be extremePlease see the web pages for more details on Heart attack (Myocardial infarction).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55164
I had back pain for 20 years complete with pain pills, muscle relaxers, viox and MRI s.  One day, age 44, I went to the Dr. with an upset stomach and trouble sleeping and ended up being diagnosed in heart failure and that I had a massive heart attack within the past 5 years. I walked up stairs every day. Went to work etc.. the entire time. It s the lucky people that get the Fred Sanford heart attack.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55165
Ok Im 35 years old and back in August of Last year I had a heart attack and to be honest with you when it started out that was the last thing I thought it was because of my age but I found out real quick that age really has nothing to do with it..That morning I started having pains in the middle of my chest and they would be real sharp and would move to my left arm around my shoulder well as the day progressed they got stronger and longer and then I was getting sick at my stomach and was breaking out in a cold sweat..By the end of the day because I did nothing about this I collapsed in the middle of my floor and luckly some one was here with me and dialed 911..I had to have quadrupal bypass and im very  lucky to be here today to tell my story ..So if for any reason you feel like something is wrong and especially if you are having any kind of chest pains please go to your doctor or the nearest hospital and dont wait like I did because it almost cost me my life..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55166
I have had four MI s. No. 1, I thought I had indegestion. After 14 hours wife decided to call doctor. Nos.2 and 4, just felt  uncomfortable. No.3. Felt very tired and collapsed unconscious. Never had the pain in my left are and tight chest feelings. Differs with everybody.

QUESTION ID: SA3OBEQ10QRNNEX
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do i pronounce doyen n doyenne?
QUESTION CONTENT: I mean,I know one s male n the other s female,but what s the diff in pronounciation.PS:I dont speak French at all,
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 71576
Englishdoyen - doi-en or  doi-uhndoyenne - doi-enFrenchdoyen - dwa-yan doyenne- dwa-yen
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7019
Cute...  It would be nice if more people would learn at least a little French as it would also pave the way to better learning romantically as well...OK...so here goes...lolWhen you see words that appear to sound alike because of the gendre difference, they usually  are sounded alike but that the feminine ending stretches out the n sound a little longer and the male sounding shortens the n sound abruptly... doyen is a male leader translated, but was originally spelled as doien in French and surely is an old Latin word... doyenne would be the female counterpart...a female leader or figurehead of a group or organization...Pronounced....          dwa  yen               for the malePronounced...           dwa  yennnnn        for the femaleNow...a variation...lol   For those that speak French with a nasal accent (Parisian...?,) the sounding adds the letter w before the letter o in sound only, not in the spelling...and sounds like aww in English... aw as sounded in English with adding the sound dw ahead of aw and now pronounced as dwwaw .  Then, the ending en is pronounced as the English word on for the male gendre and in for the female gendre...The letter w is rolled with the letter d and now the word in French is pronounced as  : (two syllables) dwww  aw  yon for the male gendre.........dwwa-yon dwww  aw  yinnnnn for the female gendre.....dwwa-yinnnC est bien...???

QUESTION ID: SCT70HD000G1NHN
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you distinguish whether a question is asking for binomial or poisson distribution?
QUESTION CONTENT: like for example this question:It is found that the average number of defective plastic rings is 1.5 percent of the population of 200 plastic rings produced by a machine. Compute the probability that none of the rings is defective.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5580
In this question you have the choice to use either distribution.  The correct model is the Binomial.  The Poisson is an approximation to the Binomial when n, the number of trials, is large and the success probability p is small.Let X be the number of defective rings.  X has the binomial distribution with n = 200 trials and success probability p = 0.015 . In general, if X has the binomial distribution with n trials and a success probability of p thenP[X = x]= n!/(x!(n-x)!) * p^x * (1-p)^(n-x)for values of x = 0, 1, 2, ..., nP[X = x]= 0 for any other value of x.The probability mass function is derived by looking at the number of combination of x objects chosen from n objects and then a total of x success and n - x failures.Or, to be more accurate, the binomial is the sum of n independent and identically distributed Bernoulli trials.X ~ Binomial( n , p )the mean of the binomial distribution is n * p = 3 the variance of the binomial distribution is n * p * (1 -p) = 2.955 the standard deviation is the square root of the variance = ??? ( n * p * (1 - p)) = 1.719011 The Probability Mass Function, PDF, f(X) = P(X = x) is:P( X =  0 ) =  0.04866829 === === === ===The Poisson Distribution is:In general, if X has the Poisson distribution with a rate of ?? events in t time units then:X ~ Poisson(??t)P(X = x) = (??t)^x * exp(-??t) / x! for x = 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, ...P(X = x) = 0 otherwisethe mean of the Poisson distribution is the parameter, ??tthe variance of the Poisson distribution is the parameter, ??there we have ??t = np = 200 * 0.015 = 3P(X = 0) = exp(-3) = 0.04978707=== === === === ===The Poisson approximation is very good in this case.In general the Poisson is used any time you would be approximating the binomial with the above conditions on sample size and success probability.  More often than not if you are presented with a problem where you are given a success probability and number of trials you ll be using the Binomial distribution.  If you are given a rate, such as events occur at a rate of 3 per time unit, then you ll be using the Poisson.The Poisson distribution was first used by W.S. Gossett for the Guinness brewing company when he figured out the distribution of yeast cells in solution, while truly binomial, can be modeled with the Poisson distribution.  He wanted to publish this but Guiness said no.  So Gossett went ahead and published under the pen name Student.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71501
Binomial has finite range of possible values with positive probability from 0 to n.Poission has an infinite range of possible values with positive probability for 0,1,2,3,...There are other considerations of course but this is enough to distinguish them

QUESTION ID: SDU4E0YOG3Z16YF
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can i word these steps to sound smarter and more scientific?
QUESTION CONTENT: This is for a procedure in a lab...1) Take a potatoe and cut it into 2 slices about 4x4 in size.2) Meausre with a ruler in the middle of the potatoe to make a perfect square.3) Cut out the square going down when cutting to make a thick square.4)Pour 200mL of distilled water in 2 culture dishes5) Obtain a balance.6) Tar the balance to zero after putting a plastic beaker on it. 7) Pour salt into the plastic beaker until it reaches 20g8) Put the 20g of salt in one of the culture dishes.9) Put one of the potatoe slices in each of the culture dishes and set aside.10) Take potato slices out of the dishes and record flexibility of both.Please help:(
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4213
It s pretty good as it is, but:1) Take a potatoe and cut it into 2 slices about 4x4 in size.It s spelt potato - and what are the units of the 4x4 measurement?2) Meausre with a ruler in the middle of the potatoe to make a perfect square.It s measure - and what are the dimensions of the square.3) Cut out the square going down when cutting to make a thick square.You could summarise the 1st three stages as: Slice one potato into two cuboids of dimensions AxBxC 4)Pour 200mL of distilled waterin 2 culture dishes5) Obtain a balance.6) Tar the balance to zero after putting a plastic beaker on it. It s tare .7) Pour salt into the plastic beaker until it reaches 20g8) Put the 20g of salt in one of the culture dishes.I d just say Weigh 20g of table salt (NaCl) into a beaker on a fine balance. Dissolve this 20g of salt in 200ml of distilled water to produce 200ml of 0.1g/ml aqueous solution of NaCl. In a separate beaker pour 200ml of distilled water. 9) Put one of the potatoe slices in each of the culture dishes and set aside.How long do you immerse it in the solutions?10) Take potato slices out of the dishes and record flexibility of both.How do you record the flexibility?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2156
 Smarter and more scientific do not mean using longer words. Good scientific writing uses readily-understandable wording. Just watch your spelling (potato, tare, measure). You might also state how you measure flexibility.

QUESTION ID: SFJ5IYPGUMY7Y1E
QUESTION SUBJECT: this is my thesis how would you help, advice and counsel someone with depression ?
QUESTION CONTENT: i have looked everywhere for help on  this but have not been succesful yet, is there anyone who can help me with this please.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6354
100% Effective Homeopathic Remedies for Anxiety / Panic Attacks / Stress / Depression(Bereavment) / Mood Swings (Totally safe, without any side effects or complications of any sort) :-ANXIETY / PANIC ATTACKS&STRESS :-Sudden with restlessness and fear of death, Panic Attacks, Aconite 30X or 200X,1/2 hourly (3 Doses)Prolonged with periodic and panic attacks Arsenic Alb.200X, 4 hourly (3 Doses) With fainting spells; profuse sweating; worse in the morning Sulphur 30X or 200X 3 hourly (3 Doses) Makes patient walk fast; due to anticipation Argentum Nit 200X, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Worse lying in bed and closing the eyes Carbo Veg 30X or 200X, 4 hourly (6 Doses) Anxiety aggravated by upward or downward motion; going in an elevator; worse till 11 P.M, Borax 200X or 1M, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Anxious about business even when seriously ill Bryonia Alba 200X 3 hourly (3 Doses) Full of apprehensions in the evening Causticum 200X, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Anxiety and fears in the evening with restlessness and palpitation Calcarea Carb.200X or 1M, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Anxiety worse while lying still. Sad music ameliorates the complaints Manganum Acet 200X 3 hourly (3 Doses)Anxiety due to fright, fear,exciting news; stage fright; worse while appearing for examination or interview etc Gelsemium 30X or 200X 3 hourly (6 Doses) Mood Swings, Anxiety due to grief or shock in the subconscious mind Ignatia 200X or 1M, 3 hourly (3 Doses) Anxiety; better after eating Anacardium Or 30X, 4 hourly.DEPRESSION&GRIEF(Bereavement) :-Severe shock due to sudden death of loved ones; restlessness, anxiety and fear Aconite 200X. 10 min (3 Doses) Prolonged mournings; cannot overcomethe loss of loved ones and/or Mood Swings. Ignatia 1M or 10M, 6 hourly (3 Doses) When the grief is in the conscious mind; patient weeps; does not like sympathy Natrum Mur.200X or 1M, 6 hourly (3 Doses) For chronic grief and indignation Staphysagria 200X or 1M, weekly (3 Doses) Depression with suicidal thoughts feeling of worthlessness, Aurum Met 30X, three times a day half hour before meals.Take the remedy which is similar to your symptoms. No side effects or complications if taken as directed, please do not exceed the given dosage and under any circumstances do not try to mix any remedies and avoid Chocolates, Mints, Coffee, Red Meat, Alcoholic and Carbonated drinks, Spicy Rich Food while taking any Homeopathic remedies, and keep the medicines away from direct sunlight, heat strong smells and perfumes and do not store them in the fridge.Curing without any side effects or Complications Thats the Beauty of Homeopathic Medicine Take Care and God Bless you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18195
did you go to the  doctor, and take medication. try to plan all your day, don t sit alone. and i don t know what religion you are, but i am Muslim and i know many people become better after reading holly quran, especially Surat bakara, every day. take care, i will pray for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59785
All I can do is provide my standard post, and urge you to view sections 2, and 1, at http://www.ezy-build.net.nz/~shaneris See depression treatments, at ezy-build *(below) in section 2, and consult a doctor, to eliminate thyroid problems, etc. as possible contributing factors: also seek a referral to a therapist using Cognitive Behavioural Therapy, or Rational Emotive Behavioural Therapy. It is your decision, and yours alone, as to whether to take any antidepressants offered, but, before you do, read section 1, and check medications out at www.drugs.com so you will be on the lookout for side effects, like sexual dysfunction. My strong recommendation, however, is to follow the advice of my doctor, his associate, and also Marcelle Pick, OB/GYN NP, and  Dr. Mercola, as well, at http://www.mercola.com and avoid antidepressants (pages 2V, and 2Z refer,&antidepressant websites: page 2). The reasons why we all share the same view on this are explained in full, as you will find, if you read the whole section. All of their advice, (except prayer, because many people are not religious) I have incorporated into the core treatments , including others as options, such as the supplements: Inositol, or SAMe, or herbal remedies, like St. John s wort. If you are diagnosed with clinical (major) depression, antidepressants may be necessary for a while, which will give the treatments time to become effective. The antidepressants themselves need at least several days, or even  weeks to begin becoming effective. It s a good idea to taper off them slowly, with medical advice, after  several months, say, to a couple of years, at most, because they are only effective in the long term for about 30% of people. Because of this, you would be well advised to begin the treatments immediately, and maintain them. I d just thank your mental health care provider, and pocket the prescription, trying the treatments for a few months, to see if they are sufficient for you, before considering filling it (unless clinically depressed, and having great difficulty functioning, or suicidal, in which case I d take them).                                                                                                                If the amount of daylight you have been exposed to recently has reduced, perhaps due to the change of seasons, see Seasonal Affective Disorder (S.A.D.) in section 2, at * http://www.ezy-build.net.nz/~shaneris and, instead of taking 4 Omega 3 fish oil supplements, daily; replace 2 of them with cod liver oil supplements for the winter months only! (or, as probably a better alternative to the 2 cod liver oil supplements: 1 teaspoonful of cod liver oil, with a little butter, to ensure its use; I take mine on sourdough rye bread, or toast, covered with fishpaste, and pepper, to mask the strong taste).  Consider having your doctor test your vitamin D levels.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66436
First of all i am proud of you that u accept that you are in depression! Listen friend its not a disease its a disturbance to mind and heart because u stuffed all the matter along with you and you dont like to express your tensions and feelings to anybody! Be frank to any of you close friend about you thoughts and feelings its a good medicine to you and every morning 10 or 20 mins take meditate it will guide u. If u have doubt then mail me and see my web page its usefull to you www.winurlife.comhttp://beauty4evers.googlepages.comhttp://earninaddsense.googlepages.com
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66437
You could help by listening to the person who is depressed. Start your conversation with open ended questions then allow the person to verbalize his/her feelings freely and to what extent he/she want to share to you. Refrain from being judgmental. You might also want to encourage him/her to perform relaxation techniques or doing things that might divert his/her attention from his/her problems. But closely monitor him/her because people who are depressed atfirst then all of a sudden became happy is bound to lead to suicidal tendencies.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71541
it actually depends on why the person is depressed.

QUESTION ID: SHCETYZ12DIY3J1
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i do transcendental meditation?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 48341
Trascendental means beyond the World, in other, words beyond the  material reality. In order to do trascendental meditation you must concentrate on the nothingness of the World and think apart of your material reality, forget -or ignore- every external stimulation to your body. This art is well known praticed by Budists.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72765
Transcendental Meditation (TM), the name of a type of meditation, might be considered more Hindu (NOT Buddhist) in origin.Although other meditation techniques may talk about some form of transcendence , if you re referring to TM then you might want to look at their website or a few of these:From the TM website (http://www.tm.org/):The Transcendental Meditation technique comes from an ancient tradition of knowledge???the Vedic tradition of IndiaFrom (http://www.mum.edu/tm.html)How can I learn the Transcendental Meditation program?If you are planning to enroll at the University, you can learn when you arrive on campus. Students may be eligible for a 50% need-based Trustees scholarship and a long-term, low-interest loan for the remaining 50% of the Transcendental Meditation tuition of $2,500.From the Skeptic s Dictionary (http://skepdic.com/tm.html):In its advertising, TM emphasizes the practical benefits of meditation - particularly the reduction of stress. TM promoters show videos of members from all walks of life testifying to its benefits. TM sales pitches are full of blood pressure charts, heart-rate graphs, and other clinical evidence of TM s effectiveness. Not mentioned is the fact that scientific tests show similar benefits can be obtained by listening to soothing music, or by performing basic relaxation exercises available in books costing a couple of dollars. After a TM student pays up to $400 and receives his own personal mantra to chant, he is told never to reveal it to another. Why? Because the same unique mantra has been given - on the basis of age - to thousands of people

QUESTION ID: SHD4O0IGJ71S47Y
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to boost up immune system before and after chemotherapy?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 89191
I m glad you mentioned before and after chemotherapy because some oncologists prefer that you not take antioxidants while doing chemo because it can partially inactivate the cancer killing activity of some chemo drugs. You really need to ask your physician what his guidelines are about use of vitamins. Put some blueberries and broccoli in your diet regularly. Lab rats fed blueberries had a longer life span than with any other food tested. Also apples, oranges and strawberries. Bright colors in raw foods generally mean lots of antioxidant vitamins. Fruit yogurt smoothies are always good. The live yogurt can get your digestive system working correctly plus you can add protein powder, vitamins and various fruits as you see fit for a delicious easy to drink smoothie.If you need to buy supplements, then you might try buying supplements by mail order or on line from companies like Vitamin Shoppe  www.vitaminshoppe.com  or Swanson s vitamin  www.swansonvitamins.com   Both companies have a huge inventory of products at big discounts plus you can avoid the extra high costs associated  with purchases made from multi level marketers claiming to have some secret cancer curing formula.  good luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89192
buddy believe me chemo is the hardest thing to go through and really no matter what you do it wont change...the best thing i recond is to be as suported as you can to the person that sick, and if it you the best thing althoght it hard is to smile!!!

QUESTION ID: SHQHXN23CYQ6TQM
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you fly without the use of technology... just your body, nothing else. You cant is not an answer.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 11083
The Hitch-Hiker s Guide to the Galaxy has this to say on the subject of flying:     There is an art, it says, or rather, a knack to flying.    The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.    Pick a nice day, it suggests, and try it.    The first part is easy.    All it requires is simply the ability to throw yourself forward with all your weight, and willingness not to mind that it s going to hurt.    That is, it s going to hurt if you fail to miss the ground.    Most people fail to miss the ground, and if they are really trying properly, the likelihood is that they will fail to miss it fairly hard.    Clearly, it is this second part, the missing, which presents the difficulties.    One problem is that you have to miss the ground accidentally. It s no good deliberately intending to miss the ground because you won t. You have to have your attention suddenly distracted by something else when you re halfway there, so that you are no longer thinking about falling, or about the ground, or about how much it s going to hurt if you fail to miss it.    It is notoriously difficult to prise your attention away from these three things during the split second you have at your disposal. Hence most people s failure, and their eventual disillusionment with this exhilarating and spectacular sport.If, however, you are lucky enough to have your attention momentarily distracted at the crucial moment by, say, a gorgeous pair of legs (tentacles, pseudopodia, according to phyllum and/or personal inclination) or a bomb going off in your vicinity, or by suddenly spotting an extremely rare species of beetle crawling along a nearby twig, then in your astonishment you will miss the ground completely and remain bobbing just a few inches above it in what might seem to be a slightly foolish manner.    This is a moment for superb and delicate concentration.    Bob and float, float and bob.    Ignore all considerations of your own weight and simply let yourself waft higher.    Do not listen to what anybody says to you at this point because they are unlikely to say anything helpful.    They are most likely to say something along the lines of, Good God, you can t possibly be flying! It is vitally important not to believe them or they will suddenly be right.    Waft higher and higher.    Try a few swoops, gentle ones at first, then drift above the treetops breathing regularly.    DO NOT WAVE AT ANYBODY.    When you have done this a few times you will find the moment of distraction rapidly becomes easier and easier to achieve.    You will then learn all sorts of things about how to control your flight, your speed, your manoeuvrability, and the trick usually lies in not thinking too hard about whatever you want to do, but just allowing it to happen as if it was going to anyway.    You will also learn about how to land properly, which is something you will almost certainly cock up, and cock up badly, on your first attempt.There are private flying clubs you can join which help you achieve the all-important moment of distraction. They hire people with surprising bodies or opinions to leap out from behind bushes and exhibit and/or explain them at the critical moments. Few genuine hitch-hikers will be able to afford to join these clubs, but some may be able to get temporary employment at them.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72050
4) Stand in the middle of an open doorway and use your arms to apply outward pressure on the two sides as if you were pushing them away from your body. After about 40 seconds, suddenly let go and relax, stand normally and just let your arms hang by your sides. If you are like most of us, your arms will involuntarily rise up as if pulled by two invisible helium ballons.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82017
You must use the spirit, the force, ya know.. that energy that we are surrounded by.

QUESTION ID: SK06G1SW1KLE7C2
QUESTION SUBJECT: how atherosclerosis will cause aortic aneurysm ??
QUESTION CONTENT: how it will cause aneurysm ,,, in the same time it causing thicking of the wall of the aorta ???
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86833
The build up of plaque caused by atherosclerosis makes the arteries less elastic. Imagine a balloon that has been blown up too many times...it doesn t go back to its original shape over time. Consequently, the arteries do not expand and contract as easily each time the heart beats and pushes a torrent of blood through the artery...including the aorta. Over time a combination of the weakening and hardening makes the aorta more prone to cracking and ultimately breaking. Again using my balloon analogy...now you have a weakened balloon and as it gets older and more brittle, it is more likely to break.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43338
here is what wikipedia says about it.. the first link says The physical change in the aortic diameter can occur secondary to an intrinsic defect in the protein construction of the aortic wall, trauma, infection, or due to progressive destruction of aortic proteins by enzymes http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aortic_aneurysmAbdominal aortic aneurysms may have a genetic component..http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abdominal_aortic_aneurysm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54862
AORTIC ANEURYSM PATHOLOGY.The physical change in the aortic diameter can occur secondary to an intrinsic defect in the protein construction of the aortic wall, trauma, infection, or due to progressive destruction of aortic proteins by enzymes is called Aneurysm.BACKGROUND: To test whether deficiency in endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) affects atherosclerosis development, we compared lesion formation in apolipoprotein E (apoE)/eNOS-double knockout (DKO) and apoE-knockout (KO) control animals. METHODS AND RESULTS: After 16 weeks of Western-type diet, apoE/eNOS-DKO males and females showed significant increases in lesion area of 93.6% and 59.2% compared with apoE-KO mice. All apoE/eNOS-DKO animals studied developed peripheral coronary arteriosclerosis, associated with perivascular and myocardial fibrosis, whereas none of the apoE-KO mice did. Transthoracic echocardiography showed a significantly increased left ventricular wall thickness and decreased fractional shortening in DKO animals. Mean arterial pressure was increased in DKO mice and was comparable in degree to eNOS-KO animals. Male DKO animals developed atherosclerotic abdominal aneurysms and aortic dissection. CONCLUSIONS: eNOS deficiency increases atherosclerosis in Western-type diet-fed apoE-KO animals and introduces coronary disease and an array of cardiovascular complications, including spontaneous aortic aneurysm and dissection. This phenotype constitutes the first murine model to demonstrate distal coronary arteriosclerosis associated with evidence of myocardial ischemia, infarction, and heart failure. Hypertrophy and reduced left ventricular function cannot be explained by increased blood pressure alone, because eNOS-KO animals do not develop these complications.

QUESTION ID: SLQTVZB4N6XDWZA
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to Care for Yourself During Radiation for Breast Cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86144
BREAST CANCER RADIATION TREATMENT AND COPING WITH IT-Once the cancer has been removed BY SURGERY , the doctor may recommend RADIATION to destroy or shrink any remaining breast cancer cells. Radiation stops the cancer cells from dividing. It works especially well on fast-growing tumors. Unfortunately, it also stops some types of healthy cells from dividing. Healthy cells that divide quickly, like those of the skin and hair, are affected the most. This is why radiation can cause fatigue, skin problems, and hair loss.It is common after breast cancer treatment to be depressed or moody, to cry, lose appetite, or feel unworthy or less interested in sex. The breast is involved with a woman s identity and loss of it may be disturbing. For some, counseling or a support group can help. Many women have found a support group of breast cancer survivors to be an invaluable help during this stage. Involvement with volunteers from the local chapter of the Reach to Recovery program may be very helpful.HOW TO COPE UP WITH IT-Many patients experience skin burn, fatigue, nausea, and vomiting after radiation therapy regardless of where the radiation is applied. After treatment, the skin around the site of the treatment may also become sore. Affected skinshould be kept clean and can be treated like sunburn, with skin lotion or vitamin A and D ointment. Patients should avoid perfume and scented skin products and protect affected areas from the sun.Nausea and vomiting are most likely to occur when the radiation dose is high or if the abdomen or another part of the digestive tract is irradiated. Sometimes nausea and vomiting occur after radiation to other regions, but in these cases the symptoms usually disappear within a few hours after treatment. Nausea and vomiting can be treated with antacids, Compazine, Tigan, or Zofran.Fatigue frequently starts after the second week of therapy and may continue until about two weeks after the therapy is finished. Patients may need to limit their activities, take naps, and get extra sleep at night.Patients should see their oncologist (cancer doctor) at least once within the first few weeks after their final radiation treatment. They should also see an oncologist every six to twelve months for the rest of their lives so they can be checked to see if the tumor has reappeared or spread.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41025
The person getting the treatment will get specific instructions on how to do this.  Some supply a cream that the Oncologist recommends, my Aunt used Vit. E cream however I have heard that some advise against that as it is an antioxidant&will interfere with treatment.  Consult with the radiation experts&oncologist.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41026
Well if you don t want your breasts to burn use emu oil, also check this site out     www.rain-tree.com/graviola.htm

QUESTION ID: SOX2Z8PQEKRPKLK
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I keep up with all my school work and still do other extra activites?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75248
Doing well in school is simply a matter of organization.  Intelligence also helps, but organization beats intelligence.Here are some tips:The following will guarantee you no less than an A- on an essay exam:Take good notes in class.  And you read the textbook, take notes in outline form.  So you re only going to read the textbook material once, but the notes will reinforce what you read and give you material to use in studying for the exam.Several days before the test combine your lecture notes and textbook notes into a master outline.  A couple of days before the test, get one or two other people who want to get As on the exam.  Get together and grill each other on the master outline until you have it memorized.  Be relentless: what are the three ways Plato says we can be mistaken?  What are the five principles of operant conditioning? And so on.  Look at it this way:  you re in a play, and the outline is your script.  The test is your performance. So memorize the script.  You wouldn t go on stage without knowing your lines, and you shouldn t take an exam without knowing all the material.So when you walk into the test, the question is not whether you know everything, because you already know everything.  Now, when you take the essay exam, have a piece of blank paper.  Before you write your answer, write a brief outline of your answer on the blank paper.  When you re satisfied with the outline, write your answer, looking at the outline.  That way you end up with an answer that is complete and flows logically.Also, prepare what I call the flagship question.  With most essay exams you have a good idea of at least one question that will show up.  Put some extra effort into that question.  Quote St. Thomas in Latin.  Memorize a few names and dates.  With the flagship question the idea is that you re going to blow your teacher away.  You re going to show the teacher that you don t just know the stuff, you ve MASTERED it.When it comes to papers, make sure that you do your work up front.  As soon as you find out that you have to do a paper -- THAT VERY DAY -- go to the library and look at the books that are available on that topic.  Don t read anything; just see what is available.  Then the next day start your research.  Again, don t spend a lot of time, but become familiar with the material. When you have a topic, start on the paper.  The key to a good paper is to start early enough so that time is on your side.  Now, a lot of the other students will start a paper a week before it is due.  But not you.  Your paper will already be finished then, because you ve done your work up front.  By starting early you will make sure that you have enough time to do a quality paper, with perfect grammar and spelling.Using these techniques I graduated with highest honors from an expensive liberal arts university, 3.97 GPA.  If all of this sounds like a lot of work, it is. But that s because doing well in school takes a lot of work.  BUT -- you re actually going to spend less time than others, because your study time will be so much more efficient.  You re not going to have any last-minute crises.  You re not going to be stressed.  Believe me, it s a great feeling to walk into school the first day of class and KNOW that you re going to get an A in all of your classes.Since you re going to spend your study time efficiently, and you re not going to be stressed, you can actually enjoy activities outside of class.So try it out.  Amaze yourself, impress your friends, make your teachers happy, and show your parents that they have given birth to a scholar.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23935
You can establish good study habits.  If you learn to study more efficiently, it should free up time for other activities.

QUESTION ID: SP1A2MZ6RCOTWKY
QUESTION SUBJECT: how did dinosaurs look?
QUESTION CONTENT: In the last decade or so, it seems to have become more accepted that dinosaurs were closer to birds than reptiles... so why do they still seem to think dinosaurs had scales or reptilian skin type instead of feathers or fur like kiwis?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 23720
 they don t because they don t really know.  when early paleontologists started reconstructing dinosaur fossils, there was not much known about forensic biology.  our understanding of the way bones fit together and the biomechanics of all those little bumps and ridges on the bones was not very complete, and so when the skeletons were reconstructed they ended looking more like lizards than birds, mostly due to the missing information being filled in by the early scientists prejudices and assumptions.a lot of the recent work on dinosaurs that asserts their bird-like characteristics (feathers, warm blooded, etc) are inferred from the bone structure and are pretty far-removed from the physical evidence.  the notion that dinosaurs are like birds is controversial because it s new, and all people (including scientists) take time to accept something that upsets the conventional wisdom.  it is good science and probably correct, but without any direct evidence it is pretty well impossible to know forsure.however some very-detailed fossils discovered recently in china appear to actually have feathers!  so this is pretty exciting and very good evidence for the notion of birdlike dinosaurs.  nevertheless people remain a) reluctant to change their views and b) uninformed about recent developments in paleontology.  most folks in the public are informed by books from their childhood and movies like jurassic park .  the public takes a long time to come around to new discoveries in science, particularly when they challenge older models and when a field is changing rapidly.  it is also considered fairly irresponsible to present a controversial and barely-tested theory as fact by journalists and museum curators.  when the controversy in the scientific community settles down and a consensus is reached, then public education in museums and articles can begin and popular belief will change.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88385
Nobody knows much of what the dinosaurs looked like because nobody was around when the dinosaurs where around.  We can only make educated guesses.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88386
Since feathers came from scales, one could say, the earlier dinosaurs had more scales, and later ones, more feathers. You must remember, that dinosaurs roamed the earth for more than 200 Million years...As they emerged from the mud&water to land, the feather originating from the scale provided more warmth, which was necessary for survival...

QUESTION ID: SQZJOT8HPXW1YEJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I use a nutrition label?  I need help understanding them.?
QUESTION CONTENT: Okay... I know what they are for... but all the numbers don t mean a thing... what s a high number? what s a low number?  what s good? what s bad?Also... what are the best tasting low fat snacks?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7154
Here s the basics:  FAT -- Not all fat is bad.  Monounsaturated fat is good, and so is polyunsaturated fat.  Saturated fat should be kept to a minimum, and trans fat should be avoided like the plague.  One gram of trans fat is too much, and you have to be careful with foods that have more than 5g of saturated fat per serving.PROTEIN -- Some foods just don t have it, so don t sweat it if the protein grams are low or zero.  But protein is your friend in terms of good health and weight loss, so if it s high in protein and low in saturated/trans fat it s good.CARBOHYDRATE:  BE CAREFUL.  Some carbs are good, some are bad, and too many carbs can slap the pounds on you quickly.  The higher the fiber, the better.  If something has more than 3g of fiber per serving, that s good.INGREDIENTS:  The ones you want to avoid at all costs are high fructose corn syrup and any kind of partially or fully hydrogenated oils.  If sugar is one of the first five ingredients, be careful.  Whole grains and whole grain flour is good, but white flour is not good.P.S.:  You asked about snacks -- there is one very high fat snack that is very good for you:  NUTS.  Almost all the fat in nuts is mono-or-polyunsaturated, and those fats promote heart health and can aid in weight loss.  Just be careful.  Too much of anything is bad, so don t go overboard eating nuts.  Also, the old adage about an apple a day is a good one, so eat apples.  Dried fruit like dried plums (prunes), figs, and apricots are an excellent source of vitamins and fiber.  Again, don t overdo -- they also have a lot of sugars, and even too much natural sugar is bad.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67721
make sure that fats are 30% or less of your total caloric intake.  most processed foods have a lot of sugar (very bad for everyone) and salt (bad if you have high blood pressure).  aim for 10g or less per serving of sugars.  you re better off shopping the perimeter of the grocery store: produce, fresh meat/chicken, dairy and way less processed food.  if you want to lose weight, cut way back on carbs of all kinds.

QUESTION ID: SSL83HFGZSRFI4C
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you actually die from breast cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: my mother has just been diagnosed with breast cancer and im worried.I know she can die but HOW does one actually die from it?what causes the death?im so confused.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 41197
ANY CANCER IS DANGEROUS.  Breast cancer also can kill a patient if not treated properly in time. When primary breast cancer spreads, it may first go to the regional lymph nodes under the armpit, the axillary nodes. If this occurs, regional metastasis exists. If it proceeds elsewhere either by lymphatic or blood-borne spread, the patient develops systemic metastasis that may involve a number of other organs in the body. Common sites of systemic involvement for breast cancer are the lung, bones, liver, and the skin and soft tissue. As it turns out, the presence of, and the actual number of, regional lymph nodes containing cancer remains the single best indicator of whether or not the cancer has become widely metastatic. Because tests to discover metastasis in other organs may not be sensitive enough to reveal minute deposits, the evaluation of the axilla for regional metastasis becomes very important in making treatment decisions for this disease.If breast cancer spreads to other major organs of the body, its presence will compromise the function of those organs. Death can result from compromise of these vital organs functions.You should not get confused and worry much if your mother has been diagnoised Breast Cancer. By proper treatment viz. Surgery (MASTECTOMY - Removal of the affected breast), Chemotherapy and radiation therapy, you can control and also get cured from the disease. Your oncologist will tell you in details and treat her. PLEASE DO NOT TALK ABOUT DEATH NOW ITSELF. IT IS NOT IN YOUR OR MY HANDS AND GOD WILL TAKE CARE. HAVE BELIEF IN HIM AND DO YOUR DUTY OF GIVING FULL TREATEMENT WITHOUT WORRYING UNNECSSARILY. You can also discuss with a PSYCO-ONCOLOGIST and he will give you encouragement-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41198
The cancer metastasizes to other organs. There are so many good treatments for breast cancer now - fewer women are dying. Hopefully, you mother is under the care of a physician who aggressively treats her cancer. Good luck.

QUESTION ID: ST34S0OBGJDNZUS
QUESTION SUBJECT: HOW MANY DIFFERENT RELIGIONS ARE THERE IN THE WORLD?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 23158
Every January, the International Bulletin of Missionary Research publishes a ???Statistical Table on Global Mission??? ??? a detailed look at the world religious situation prepared by the mathematically indefatigable David Barrett. Absolute precision in these matters is impossible, but over the years, Barrett (an Anglican who teaches ???missiometrics??? at Regent University) has proven himself a judicious, reliable guide. Browsing his numbers reveals more than a few interesting things.Christian mission, for example, was essentially flat in the twentieth century. There were only 558 million Christians in the world in 1900 and there will be approximately 2 billion Christians by the middle of this year, a huge increase. But as a percentage of world population, Christianity has been treading water for a century: Christians were 34.5 percent of world population in 1900, and will be 33.1 percent in 2002.Half of the world???s 2 billion Christians are Catholics. The next largest ???megablock??? of Christians is found in the denominationally-unaffiliated ???Independent Churches,??? which have some 400 million members ??? almost twice as many as the 217 million Orthodox believers in the world. Barrett counts 350 million denominationally-affiliated Protestants and another 80 million in the Anglican ???megablock.??? The relative positions of these ???megablocks??? within world Christianity will likely remain constant for the next quarter-century.Even as Christian population remained steady as a percentage of world population, other dimensions of Christian life changed dramatically in the twentieth century. Christians worshiped in 400,000 congregations in 1900; they can be found in 3.5 million parishes worldwide today. There were 300,000 books on Christianity published in 1900; 5.1 million such books will be published this year. The 3,500 Christian periodicals published in 1900 are a small fraction of the 35,000 Christian periodicals circulating today. Ten times as many Bibles will be distributed worldwide in 2002 as in 1900: 59 million versus 5.5 million. Christian organizations used some 1,000 computers in 1970; they use 332 million computers today. Charitable giving to Christian causes rose from $8 billion to $300 billion over the last century. Perhaps most strikingly, the number of Christian denominations skyrocketed, from some 1,900 a century ago to 35,500 today ??? one measure of the immensity of the ecumenical task in the twenty-first century.Christianity became much more an urban phenomenon in the twentieth century. In 1900, only 28 percent of the world???s Christians lived in cities. This year, 58 percent of the global Christian population will be urban dwellers.The communications revolution also made a dramatic impact on Christian life: today, 2.5 billion people watch and listen to Christian broadcasts every month, a number Barrett expects will increase to 3.8 billion by 2025. Only 750 million were tuning-in thirty years ago, and of course no one was in 1900.The total of what Barrett calls ???distinct religions??? has shot up from 1,000 in 1900 to 10,500 today, and will likely increase to 15,000 in a quarter-century. While this extravagant growth in new religions refutes the notion that the modern world is inevitably becoming secular, new religious movements are also a serious challenge to interreligious dialogue. The existing difficulties of Christian-Buddhist, Christian-Hindu, and Christian-Muslim dialogue will be magnified in dialogues with such rapidly growing ???new religions??? as the Vietnam-based Cao Dai (which blends Buddhism, Confucianism, and Taoism with themes from the Bible and the Qu???ran, while styling its leader the ???Pope??? and its headquarters the ???Holy See???), and the Ahmadi Muslims, who claim that Jesus escaped the cross and died in India at age 120.Islam is the fastest growing major religion in the world today. From a population base of 200 million in 1900, Islam grew more than fivefold during the twentieth century. The change in Muslim/Catholic demographics over the past thirty years is striking. In 1970 there were 554 million Muslims in the world, and 666 millions Catholics; by the Great Jubilee of 2000, Islam could count 1.2 billion adherents, and Catholicism almost 1.1 billion. 1.3 billion Catholics in 2025 will find themselves in a world with 1.8 billion Muslims.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23156
Too many!

QUESTION ID: SUZBSXSPPQO6P2B
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you differentiate heart burn from chest pain?
QUESTION CONTENT: when i do walking on tread mill some times i feel like heart pain, but i could not able to differentiate is it due to bloked vains or due to food that i ate. i use to run on treadmill with 5 mph, breathing through nose only to have good heart to face the difficulty, but since last two years i just cant run due to my ACHILLES TENDON INJURY, now i got some repaired my accilles tendon injury but due to long time i did not run, it gives me pain in chest, but i could not find out what is the cause.and i dont want see doctor as they do trial and error.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78069
Hi my name is chris and I have been an EMT for 5 years. Chest Pain due to an acute cardiac event is normally decribed as pressure like pain. Often times patients describe the pain radiating to their left shoulder and sometimes down their left arm. Shortness of breath, pale cool, clammy skin can also acompany a MI. It should also be noted that many people have heart attacks and dont experience any of theses symptoms. You also want to consider your risk factors. Over age 45? Do you Smoke? Overweight? Any family history of heart disease? If you answered yes to atleast 2 of these questions you are considered a high risk factor by the American Heart Association. My Opinion, based on only what you have told me its probably is just heart burn but i would stongly recomend you see a doctor just to be safe. I know it would be scary finding out that you could possibly have problems with your heart but if you get it diagnosed early enough you could stop or possibly reverse any damage to your heart and you could live a longer healthy and happier life.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26480
Do not hesitate to have your heart and arteries tested to rule out serious pain. I too get chest pain when I walk, caused by heart burn. It take prescription Zantac twice a day to solve the problem. You can buy non-prescription Zantac however and try it out. Take one before walking. But, do not wait to have your cardiovascular system checked out by a doctor.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26481
Pain May Be Difficult to DistinguishIt???s not unusual for people to mistake symptoms of heart disease (such as angina and even a heart attack) for heartburn. Similarly, many people go to the emergency room each year out of fear that they???re having a heart attack, only to find out they have severe heartburn. The pain experienced during a heart attack and during a severe heartburn episode can be very difficult to distinguish. In fact, it often takes sophisticated medical testing to make the determination. In addition to producing some similar symptoms, both heartburn and heart attacks are more likely to occur in people over the age of 40. Here are some possible differences between the two conditions. Possible Signs of Heartburn A sharp, burning sensation below the breastbone or ribsBurning sensation may move up toward the throatPain usually doesn???t radiate to the shoulders, arms, or neck, although it canPain often occurs after eating, particularly when lying downPain that increases when bending over, lying down, exercising, or lifting heavy objectsBitter or sour taste at the back of the throatSymptoms tend to respond quickly to antacidsPossible Signs of Angina or Heart Attack A feeling of uncomfortable fullness, pressure, squeezing, tightness or pain in the center of the chest that lasts for more than a few minutes, or goes away and comes backPain or discomfort that spreads to one or both arms, the back, stomach, neck, or jawPain often responds quickly to nitroglycerinShortness of breathOther symptoms such as:Breaking out in a cold sweatNauseaLightheadednessFaintingPalpitations (feeling a rapid heart beat)Other Causes of Chest PainPlease note: if you have any chest pain, or any warning signs of a heart attack, seek immediate medical attention. Do not try to decide for yourself. http://www.thirdage.com/healthgate/files/29169.html

QUESTION ID: SV2JAAMPLAJQXFJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did you lower your overall cholesterol?
QUESTION CONTENT: Early this year I had a reading of 250; my doc gave me a half dose and said it may go down 30-40 pts; at the beginning of April I retest and it is now 118. He was very suprised and asked and I said i drink wine and take garlic and omega 3; similar story?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 42894
Watch your dietary intake of dietary cholesterol carefully. The American Heart Association recommends that you limit your intake to an average of no more than 300 milligrams (mg) a day; the National Cholesterol Education Program says no more than 200 mg daily). Eat less red meats, especially ground beef and fatty processed meats like sausage and hot dogs, and full-fat dairy products like whole milk, regular cheese, ice cream, and butter. And remember: egg yolks are the biggest source of dietary cholesterol. Exercise! Studies have shown that regular exercise helps to boost your good HDL cholesterol, in addition to all of its other health benefits. Reduce the number of calories you consume to keep your body weight within a normal range for your age and height. Limit your saturated fat intake. You should get no more than 30 percent of your daily calories from fat, and no more than 7 percent of the fat you eat should be saturated fat. Polyunsaturated and monounsaturated oils are healthierthan saturated fats. Use them in place of saturated oils like coconut oil, palm and palm kernel oils, shortening and lard. Limit consumption of butter and margarine - you are better off using olive or canola oils. If you use margarine, use liquid or tub forms. Hard stick margarine contains the most trans-fatty acids, which have also been linked to heart disease.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42895
WHY?The anti cholesterol paradigm is FALSE

QUESTION ID: SWAY6AC0IC41QK6
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does omega 3 helps our heart ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87422
Dietary sources of omega-3 fatty acids include fish oil and certain plant/nut oils. Fish oil contains both docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), while some nuts (English walnuts) and vegetable oils (canola, soybean, flaxseed/linseed, olive) contain alpha-linolenic acid (ALA).There is evidence from multiple large-scale population (epidemiologic) studies and randomized controlled trials that intake of recommended amounts of DHA and EPA in the form of dietary fish or fish oil supplements lowers triglycerides, reduces the risk of death, heart attack, dangerous abnormal heart rhythms, and strokes in people with known cardiovascular disease, slows the buildup of atherosclerotic plaques ( hardening of the arteries ), and lowers blood pressure slightly. However, high doses may have harmful effects, such as an increased risk of bleeding. Although similar benefits are proposed for alpha-linolenic acid, scientific evidence is less compelling, and beneficial effects may be less pronounced.Some species of fish carry a higher risk of environmental contamination, such as with methylmercury.Synonyms#945;-linolenic acid (ALA, C18:3n-3), alpha-linolenic acid, cod liver oil, coldwater fish, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22:6n-3), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, C20:5n-3), fish oil fatty acids, fish body oil, fish liver oil, fish extract, halibut oil, long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, mackerel oil, marine oil, menhaden oil, n-3 fatty acids, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, omega fatty acids, omega-3 oils, polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), salmon oil, shark liver oil, w-3 fatty acids.Should not be confused with omega-6 fatty acids.HOWEVER THIS IS HYPOTHETICAL , CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN BEFORE USING IT.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9454
google omega 3 good information

QUESTION ID: SXKOSIUVZHCVV76
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why did Shakespeare write plays to terrorize literature students?
QUESTION CONTENT: They are boring.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 25710
That s funny. Back when Shakespeare s plays were being written they were received as ENTERTAINMENT, that is, people went to them to AVOID being bored.You know they didn t have Blockbusters or internet porn back then...Shakespeare was the Spielberg of his day. And I would even go so far as to say that if it were possible to assemble an audience of Shakespeare s original fans and present them with some of our modern masterpieces, they would find most of our modern entertainment incredibly shallow and confusing in comparison to Shakespeare.The studying of his work take effort for several reasons but nonetheless it is worthwhile:Most overacting and high theater took place because of the projection needed to speak to an auditorium full of gatherers without microphones or a full understanding of acoustic science. The comfortable realistic stories where you feel like you are peeking into ordinary situations are usually from a person s own time and particularly, in modern films because you can pick up those nuances, and imitate imagination with special effects due to technology that Shakespeare did NOT have. You also may be asked to learn something about another time and culture. You have to remember that there are dialects and accents of all periods in history and places in the world. These require you to expand you vocab a bit.Also because they are PLAYS. In order to understand the story, unless you see it acted, you have to read the script of the play with all its details that are translated when you see it performed...details which are needed to get the full idea of the playwright s story, in order to bring it to fruition.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12609
The world and the English language were very different 400 years ago.  You may think that his plays are boring, but what that is written today would be readable and enjoyable to the people living 400 years from now?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70235
Quite the contrary. They re probably boring because they take effort to read. As an actor who has taken some classical training on Shakespeare (mostly because I was afraid of his works), I ve learned to find the deep gems and learn of the genius that he was. His ability to use language to cue the actor as to how to feel, how to act, line by line, word by word, AMAZING. And not only that... he puts emotion into words that only he can... we simply say I m angry at you but the monologue tirades that jettison from an actors mouth to convey that anger is great FUN! He can be witty, sarcastic, simple, pure... you have to look for all these gems. And when you see it this way, it s like a treasure hunt. ;-) Let him surprise you... watch themovie below... let it inspire you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88528
Shakespeare didn t write them to terrorize you. In fact, his play were extremely popular at that time. They were like Harry Potter or Star Wars for people at that time. I think that if Shakespeare were alive today, he would feel sad about how teachers preaches his plays and force students to read them. That was never his intention.Maybe, in 400 years, future people will feel the same about Harry and Luke Skywalker as you feel today about Hamlet or Otelo

QUESTION ID: SZUW4YOUJKGIJ2Y
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the first hour during a heart attack critical?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 321
In the healthcare field we like to use the phrase Time is Tissue Think of a heart attack this way:1. A clot blocks one of the arteries that supplies blood to the heart.  Not only does the heart pump blood to the rest of the body, but it also supplies blood for itself.2. The heart is a muscle. All muscle needs oxygen to live and work normally. Oxygen is delivered via the blood cells.3. The clot blocks blood flow to a spot on the heart.4. Think of the spot like a bullseye... with a center, and areas that surround the center like rings on a bullseye.5. The muscle begins to die because of lack of oxygen. The area of dead tissue becomes necrotic.6. As time goes on, that spot will get bigger and grow. 7. If the patient comes to the ER right away... they can treat the patient with medications to thin the blood and allowing the blood flow to get past the clot.8. As stated earlier, the more time that passes, the larger the zones of dying tissue grow, like rings on a bullseye.9. The outermost zone,  is likely to be saved. Then it can return to normal function with treatment.10. The next zone, may be unhealthy but it could have a chance to survive with treatment.11. The innermost zone or center of the bullseye, can become completely necrotic (dead) and will never function.12. A dead area on the heart is unhealthy and it affects the conduction path of the heart (this is the electric pathway that your heart needs to contract and pump blood).13. An unhealthy heart can have alot of problems. Sometimes people who have had heart attacks, will develop Heart Failure.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51756
because the first hour will determine if you will survive it or not
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51757
if you don t get a good circulation back to the heart then the heart muscle begins to die. heart muscle does not repair its self. so the first hour is critical in preventing that damage
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51758
A heart attack occurs when an artery supplying your heart with blood and oxygen becomes blocked. With each passing minute, more heart tissue is deprived of oxygen and sustains permanent damage or dies. It s crucial to restore blood flow within the first hour, when most damage occurs. In the initial minutes, a heart attack can trigger ventricular fibrillation. This unstable heart rhythm produces an ineffective heartbeat, causing insufficient blood flow to vital organs. Without immediate treatment, ventricular fibrillation leads to sudden death. The faster you act, the higher the chancesof survival and the less damage to the heart tissue.

QUESTION ID: T1RXNBVXQ5TVHKV
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why check kidneys for high blood pressure?
QUESTION CONTENT: I went in for my high blood pressure today. I had an EKG (which turned out fine), and the doc ordered an ultrasound of my kidneys and some artery along with a chest x-ray for tomorrow. He was in a hurry and I didn t get a chance to ask him why. Wyy check these three things? Thank you
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 19994
Essential hypertension is a common disease, yet its pathogenesis is not well understood. Altered control of sodium excretion in the kidney may be a key causative feature, but this has been difficult to test experimentally, and recent studies have challenged this hypothesis. Based on the critical role of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) and the type I (AT1) angiotensin receptor in essential hypertension, we developed an experimental model to separate AT1 receptor pools in the kidney from those in all other tissues. Although actions of the RAS in a variety of target organs have the potential to promote high blood pressure and end-organ damage, we show here that angiotensin II causes hypertension primarily through effects on AT1 receptors in the kidney. We find that renal AT1 receptors are absolutely required for the development of angiotensin II-dependent hypertension and cardiac hypertrophy. When AT1 receptors are eliminated from the kidney, the residual repertoire of systemic, extrarenal AT1 receptors is not sufficient to induce hypertension or cardiac hypertrophy. Our findings demonstrate the critical role of the kidney in the pathogenesis of hypertension and its cardiovascular complications. Further, they suggest that the major mechanism of action of RAS inhibitors in hypertension is attenuation of angiotensin II effects in the kidney.Your doctor wants to exclude seconday causes e.g caoractation of Aorta etc.Regarding your EKG being normal does not exclude secondary causes of hypertension.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85801
Because high blood pressure affects the way your kidneys function. If your blood pressure is really high...it makes it harder for your kidneys to work and eventually, if left untreated...can permanently damage your kidneys and therefore creating a need for dialysis or a transplant. Watch your blood pressure closely and get proper treatment. Good luck !

QUESTION ID: T2SPUKCYSFUHX5R
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to fight heart disease?
QUESTION CONTENT: Do you have any ideas on how to prevent heart disease, from what to eat, to exercise, or anything else?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42563
How do you majorly reduce your likeliness of getting  coronary artery disease ?by Knowing your fasting blood glucose levelsLowering eliminating severe stressMaintain normal weight and do excercise but do NOT  over do  sprints twice a week or 3 NO MORElift weights Make sure you have a nutrient rich diet AVOID low fat nonsenseavoid trans fatty acids which are man mademake sure your omega3 ratio is greater than omega 6blood pressure normaldo NOT drink- red wine is a MYTH  the :Lipid Hypothesis is FALSE  THAT is why French have low rates NOT  red wineThey do  NOT have a monopoly on red wine  consumnption- Italy and Spain drink just as much red wine and do NOT have nearly the low rates the French have.do NOT smoke.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42564
You can t fight it, once you have it.You can only lower your chances  of developing it.To the guy above I am  very sorry you have coronary heart diseaseUnfortunately it was the SMOKING that did it NOT cholesterol.I am not judging you or implyimng you deserve it I am just saying what the researach has found Do NOT be fooled by scientifically UNofunded anti cholesterol propaganda.Smoking absolutely does this. I in fact know a several; smokers who all developed coronary heart disease due to the vascular damage that starts off the inflamation which leads to the hard fibrous scar tissue which leads toi coronary heart disease

QUESTION ID: T2TIUG373DESFXT
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you play rugby?
QUESTION CONTENT: just enterested
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88401
Here are some basic rules:1. As you notice, there are no shoulder pads or crash helmets in rugby.2. The ball must be pitched backwards to your teammates. No Forward passes like John Elway.A team can pitch the ball back and forth to each other as many times as they wish.3. THERE IS NO BLOCKING to assist your runner.4. Everyone runs with the ball and tackles equally. Unlike American Grid-Iron Football where 2 or 3 guys get all the glory and the rest of the team is never given the opportunity to prove themselves and run for a score, every player on the rugby field will run with the ball and tackle over 20 times a game. If you were an offensive lineman and never ran the ball and never tackled this game is for you! Everyone will be a running back and linebacker. When a set dead-ball scrum is formed, that is when the team will get in their SET POSITIONS, but shortly after that when mass chaos breaks out, all players will run and tackle with the ball.5. When you are tackled you have 1 second to let go of the ball and purposely ???fumble??? the ball. Don???t touch it again until you are up from the pile and standing on your two feet again.6. When you TACKLE someone, you can???t pick up the fumbled ball until you are ON YOUR FEET. This is one of the most calledpenalties on new players. You must be standing up to pick up the ball. You cannot dive on a loose ball.7. When you are on defense, and a tackled player is put to the ground, you must make sure you are on YOUR SIDE OF THE ???scrumage line??? BEFORE you engage in any physical contact with the other team. This is called offside and is one of the most called penalties for all levels of players. This happens when a defensive player is chasing down a runner from behind. The defensive player must run around the ruck pile and enter from the other side to give contact on the ruck pile. This is a very big yardage penalty if you get caught not being on sides on a loose ruck pile.8. The game will have 15 players from each team taking the field9. When you teammate pitches the ball to you as you are running down the field, and you accidentally drop the ball. THAT IS A PENALTY, it is called a ???Knock On???. The other team will get the ball automatically right there for their possession. As you can see, this is the kiss of death when you drop or ???Knock On??? the ball deep in your own territory by their scoring end zone. This is why we run so many ball-handling drills in practice, to cut down on these penalties.10. There are no ???Downs??? in rugby like football. An offensive team may have the ball for 20 ???phases??? or ???downs??? in a row, if they can keep winning the ruck pile and push over the tackled player to win the ball and regain possession. It is very important to always be in ???support??? and chasing after your ball carrier at all times. When your offensive player is tackled and there is 4 offensive players running right behind the ball carrier, they should no doubt be able to push over the 2 or 3 defensive players that are at the tackle area or the ???ruck pile???. On the other side of the coin, if no offensive players are in support and the ball carrier is tackled, the defense will simply just step over the ball and the ball carrier, to pick up the loose ball. The offensive player must ???REALEASE??? the ball in 1 second. The Defensive team will just pick it up and run the other way if no offensive support is right there. It is VERY IMPORTANT TO BE IN SUPPORT AND HAVE 4 PLAYERS RIGHT BEHIND A BALL CARRIER. (1)You will be there for a pitch-pass. (2) You are there for a ruck over to win the ball.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11626
easy game but dont try to play it if youre american its too tough for you lol

QUESTION ID: T8JJSMK326LWE2T
QUESTION SUBJECT: How old is the earth in a creationists point of view?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75819
according to genologies it is ~8000 years old, but the days of creation could have been many thousands of years since God has no time, he is above everything so it may not have been 7 days in our time. (note the age of the Bible)Evolution cannot explain the existance of animals and organisms, in short if everything came from a pool of slime where did the slime come from?If the slime came from the big bang where did the materials for the big bang come from in the first place?There must be a God, and God created everything since the probablity of amino acids (proven to be able to form in primitive condtions[as supported by some textbooks although nasa disproved the conditions later on]) to bond WITH EACH OTHER to form a protien is very low since they would have more chemical affinity to other materials around them, such as hydrogen, or methane(under heated conditions) Even if a protien is formed then the chances of it to be a working protien is even lower.For these protiens to come together under primitive earth conditions(to form the quaternary structure of a functional enzyme) the probablity is even lower. Then the formation of lipids and carbohydrates havent even been proven, but if possible these would not readily clump together in a phospholipid membrane but rather clump togeather in masses that are in essence balls of fat which makes the formation of cells in the first place impossible, how would evolution occour then? Without even a simple bacteria to evolve no evolution occours.So tell me now, how did life come to be in the first place? If aliens, how did they come to be? you should consider all the facts before disproving God.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16598
Only a few thousand years. Of course, most creationists wouldn t have any idea, but I believe the teaching is no more than 5-10 thousand years. I suppose since it s fairly well documented that the agricultural revolution happened some 10 thousand years ago that it would have to go back ATLEAST that far. But what do I know... You d THINK that people would listen to scientific facts too *shrug*

QUESTION ID: TCS4TKV1Y17K52R
QUESTION SUBJECT: How deep can you scuba dive?
QUESTION CONTENT: Someone told me they have dived over 400 feet... and uhhh i could not imagine.. i ve only dove 80 feet!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2283
SCUBA diving has changed a lot in recent years.Yes, it s true the max depth for recreational divers is 130 feet.Maximum working depth for compressed air is 218 feet due to oxygen toxicity effects.  That s where the mixed gas stuff that others have mentioned here comes in, right down to depths of 1700+ feet on 3% oxygen (yikes!)  But then the problem arises of how many breaths can a diver take before the tank is empty.I have heard of tech divers going down to something like 700 feet on closed circuit rebreather rigs.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5682
Maximum Sport Diving depth is about 130 feet.  Physiological changes brought on by pressure become greater and greater the deeper one dives, and compressed air breathing can lead to nitrogen narcossis and other problems during deep dives.Mixed-gas diving is possible to 400 feet and even greater.  The usual mix is helium and oxygen, which eliminates the nitrogen narcossis problem.  Makes you sound like Tweety Bird when you talk, but that s better than getting narced.Even at a depth of 80 feet you can be affected by nitrogen narcossis.  And with dives below 100 feet this is a concern.  Go back and read your Dive Manual regarding this;  its something that would have been covered at least briefly during your certification course.

QUESTION ID: TFK2MD4Q54LHQLN
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78931
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happensin cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27159
this question has been asked 274 times on yahoo answers already.http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result;_ylt=AlmXTwGl3PamiSEkRbNA0gVizKIX?p=sky+bluesee if you can figure it out.  hint:  the correct answer has to do with light scattering in the atmosphers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27160
http://www.answers.com/topic/rayleigh-scattering?gwp=19Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.

QUESTION ID: TGAWTTJIFE8XU8V
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are we so worried about terrorists when...?
QUESTION CONTENT: statistics show we are more likely to die from a bolt of lightening than from a terrorist act.Heart disease: 654,092Cancer: 550,270Stroke (cerebrovascular diseases): 150,147Chronic lower respiratory diseases: 123,884Accidents (unintentional injuries): 108,694Diabetes: 72,815Alzheimer s disease: 65,829Influenza/Pneumonia: 61,472Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome, and nephrosis: 42,762Septicemia: 33,464Consider those statistics. These don t even include highway deaths(abt 40k) per year. If we are so worried about death, wouldn t our monies be better spent on educating people about eating their vegetables than waging a war in iraq(which I support)? Thinking along these lines has given me a new perspective on the war. I think also, that i d much rather die from an explosion than from chronic heart disease.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 9466
It has far more sweeping affect than merely death toll .  A catastrophic terrorist attack can paralyze a nation on all operative levels and cause an economic collapse.  It could plummet the entire U.S. economy into a radical tail spin causing runaway business bankruptcies, a stock market crash could ensue; the dollar would be worthless; you would loose your job; employment would vaporize; prices for goods would escalate from subsequent hyper-inflation; you and your family could starve; not having employment you could be evicted from your rental or default on your mortgage and loose your home; all economic and financial stability would evaporate; you would have to default on your SUV payments; homelessness would skyrocket; consumer confidence will not exist; tax money and federal funds would deplete, city infrastructure would go into disrepair; public transit would cease; the electrical grid would experience controlled periodic ???brown-outs???; rationing of everything would be the order of the day; many things you take for granted simply will be compromised or not be available; sanitation would be jeopardized; communical diseases due to unsanitary conditions would flourish infecting many; tap water would have to be boiled before drinking it; antibiotic banks could drain from the demand; many infected people could die; civil unrest would most likely ravage the nation; rampant murder and theft in order to survive would mushroom; and Marshall Law would be declared, meaning all your freedoms would be nullified, and the freedom to move about would completely cease.So as you can see, death toll from a catastrophic terrorist attack is merely the tip of the iceberg. Additionally, we should be worried about terrorists because all they need to do is strategically deposit a container of the  Ebola virus into the water supply of a U.S. city, say, Philadelphia, and you can expect near ???national extinction???.  The initial flu-like symptoms would not be detected for at least a week and a half, which within that period would have allowed contamination of at least 1 million people.  It is an airborne disease, so exponentially, additional millions of people would contract the incurable virus just by breathing the same air also breathed by the initially contaminated victims.  The entire Eastern Seaboard would have to be quarantined, and travel to and fro from this area would have to be completely terminated, including the food supply.  The epidemic could transform into a national spreading pandemic of diabolical and unbelievable proportions if the necessary safeguards are not deployed in an adroit and timely manner.  The countless corpses would have to be incinerated.  If it reaches uncontrollable levels the President would have to resort to the ???worse case scenario solution???, the detonation of strategically located low-grade nuclear tactical devices to irradiate the Ebola contaminated environment and air, which would be the only solution able to neutralize the virus.  This in turn would kill tens of millions of more Americans from radiation sickness, but would be absolutely essential in order to save and salvage what is left of the nation and the national populous.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1428
i have heart disease and you now made me scared THANKS A LOTo and probably because we are currently at was with terrorrists...what color stupid are you?!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9467
i agreeas long as we dont live in the middle east we should spend our money on better things

QUESTION ID: TGCZ0KBF866RH1E
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I get a teacher fired? PLEASE HELP?
QUESTION CONTENT: My autistic son has been mainstreamed in a reg ed classroom.  Until this year it has been a working set up for him.  The difference this year is his reg ed teacher treats him like he s nothing but a pest.  I have been to the classroom several times and each time she runs it like he doesn t exist.  I also heard her request that a toy box be placed in her room filled with things to keep him occupied quietly so she doesn t have to deal with him, keep him out of her hair.  I ve been told that they ve sent her to conferences about autistic children but its like in one ear and out the other. She s been reprimanded by my son s case manager several times already.  She s been reprimanded by my son s teacher from last year.  And now I think she got my son s para (the one who stays with him all day to monitor him and basically be his teacher) fired or taken off the case because she s complained and she genuinely cares about my son.  Please help... who should I go to and with what?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38073
What does it mean he was mainstreemed in a reg ed class? How does your son like it and how does he interract with the other kids? As for that teacher..I am sorry that she s being so unresponsiveto your needs. Has she even tried (in the beginning) to teach your son but maybe didn t know how or failed? Did she ever tell you what the specific problems are that she doesn t know how to deal with? Please don t forget that she s a PERSON too, with ups, downs, limitations, talents, emotions...Is she very young or inexperienced? Maybe talking to her again in a calm, professional way and asking exactly what her problem is would help. Remind her of the autism conferences she had to attentd (I assume she did?). Remind her that if doctors think your son is able to attend regular classes, then she should believe them too and give your son a chance. Try this nice approach before escalating it to another level, just my 2 -cents opinion.I wish you and your son the best!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38074
special e and allen have it right, all the stuff I would type.I have two kids with autism, and work for the state autism society. I know what a pita it is, we hear this story every day. And to be honest, lived it until I finally came to the conclusion that since i was teaching my kids all of their academics and all their functional behavior stuff, might as well cut out the middle man and just homeschool.Every teacher is different, and you can t force her to care. You might read From Emotions to Advocacy , by Pete Wright (found at www.wrightslaw.com) It is a very succint plan for connecting with your IEP team and getting things done properly. My daughter was also doing very well mainstreamed, and the fact is, it is the schools responsibility to provide the least restrictive environment. You don t say how old your son is, but there are several grades where the ante is upped, so to speak socially and academically. Going in to first grade, and fourth grade are both big changes. The special education coordinator in charge of his program should be working with the teacher to help create a modified school work, and the para is the one who is helping him do his classwork. However, the regular education teacher, whether she planned it or not, has a special needs child in her room. She knew, while in college, thatthis was possible, which is why you have to take classes on teaching special needs, and why schools pay for training. I ve also seen the teachers blow in and out of the trainings complaining about what a waste of time. I ve been in several panels at them, and am always amazed at how little some care to know. Then there are other teachers who really care and try. That s why I would second having another IEP meeting, trying to figure out how to get your kid learning, and barring that, transfering him to another classroom after holiday break.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38075
I m so sorry you and your son have to go through this.  I ve thankfully only had one or two teachers in my 15 years of working with autistic kids who have been so inconsiderate and uncaring.  You probably won t be able to get her fired.  I m sure she has a contract.  You should probably go another route.Call an IEP meeting.  The school will have 10 days to reconvene the IEP team.  Present your concerns to the team and bring any documentation that you have to prove she has not been following the IEPs specially designed instruction.  This would be technically illegal.  Petition that you want a change in classroom or that you want an outside consultant to observe your child s placement in her classroom.  Be aware that getting the rest of the team to gang up on her might be difficult because that would be a breach of their union contract.  Only their supervisor can make a determination of her teaching abilities and follow up with a formal reprimand.  One teacher can make a recommendation to another as your case manager has already, but that doesn t ensure the regular ed. teacher will listen.  You have to PROVE she is not following the specially designed instruction and that her methods are preventing your child from FAPE (free and appropriate education) in the LRE (least restrictive environment).  She must follow the specially designed instruction (SDI).  She is responsible for your child s education...not a para professional!Problems between teachers and paraprofessionals can always occur.  Some paraprofessionals have a hard time drawing the line between education and baby sitting.  I m not saying this was the case but no one can be fired for caring about a student.  It might have been a professional conflict.  If you feel she was fired unfairly, then she needs to file a complaint as well.Try to remain calm.  I know it will be hard.  I know you want her fired but that might insight more resentment.  Make your point clearly and simply....you want your child s regular education placement re-evaluated to determine if his needs could be better met in another teacher s classroom.  (I m assuming the school has more than one of each grade).If they do not come up with a decision that is to your satisfaction, then you have every right to file a due process.  If you can prove this teacher compromised your child s education and denied him access to his appropriate educational placement by keeping him busy with toys instead of academics that are appropriate then you will probably be able to change his placement.  Unfortunately for you, that can be a lengthy process.  Another alternative is an approved private school placement or home schooling until the issue is resolved.  I ve had many families do this until the issue is resolved.  I don t really recommend this because the main reason for inclusion is socialization.Good luck to you and to your son.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38273
Your child is being denied a free and appropriate education (FAPE) whether he has an IEP or not.  If he does have an IEP (since you said he s been mainstreamed, I assume he does), this teacher is not complying with your childs IEP.  If the case manage has given reprimands, then you need to go out of the school district, in my opinion.  I think you should file a complaint with your state s department of education. Read your IDEIA parents rights booklet that should have been provided to you.  (that s the name of the latest revision) and arm yourself with knowledge.  There are lots of teachers who are resistant to inclusion, and it s time they get over it or retire.  No Child Left Behind makes it inclusion has to happen.  A complaint and a review by the state might help the teacher make a decision.As an aside, perhaps you can write a letter of recommendation on behalf of the para in case she needs something for a new job.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52718
You need to contact the school superintendent if you have already spoken with the principal and he/she has done nothing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52719
go to the school board, if this doesn t help. find yourself a lawyer that practices handicapped law. good luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52720
Go to the superintendent and the school board.

QUESTION ID: TGVDQ8URT2L3FYI
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does a laser work?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74145
skyman,this is kind of a big question since there are very very many different kinds of lasers that work very differently.  i ll try to answer it in a general way.LASER stands for Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation.  i ll get to exactly what that means in a minute.the earliest laser was a rod of ruby crystal, with mirrors on both ends with the shiny faces pointing towards the crystal, and some very bright flashbulbs around the sides.  one of the mirrors was a perfect mirror - 100% of the light was reflected - and the other was not quite - 99% or so was reflected but about 1% passed through.the way it worked was that you d fire the flashbulbs, which would shine very brightly into the ruby crystal.  all the atoms in the ruby absorb some energy from the light and their electrons go to a higher-energy state - this is called a population inversion and is important to the operation of a laser.anyway, before long some of those atoms will start emitting photons and settling back down into their ground state.  some photons will be going the right direction so that they bounce back and forth between the mirrored ends of the rod, over and over.  every time a photon goes past an excited atom, it causes the atom to radiate a photontoo, in the same direction and in phase with the original photon.  this is the stimulated emission in LASER.  before long this cascades into a torrent of photons, all bouncing back and forth between the mirrors - about 1% of them leak out and you get a laser beam.there are a lot of other designs for lasers, but they all work on the same fundamental principle.  you have some kind of material that can emit photons when it s in an excited state, and you put it between two mirrors in what is called an optical resonator or optical cavity.  of course there are a lot more technical details that i m skipping over, but hopefully you get the basic idea.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48455
Heres a great site explaining how lasers work: http://science.howstuffworks.com/laser.htm

QUESTION ID: THY73I1Q4DL0SGU
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I find someone?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72184
Genealogy is a fascinating hobby. This is a long, general answer to your question, with some links. Cyndi s List (cyndislist.com) is a web site with nothing but links to other genealogy sites. She has over 250,000 links; some are general. Some are devoted to a particular region, state, county, ethnic group, surname or occupation. 250,000 is a little much for a beginner, so the next 11 links go to the largest free sites. Here s a paragraph for each link. How to start and family crests are below the link descriptions.Family Search (familysearch.com) is run by the LDS Church - the Mormons. It is where most people start. Their Ancestral Family database is about 75% accurate. Their International Genealogical Index is about 85% accurate. Their 1880 US, 1881 UK and 1881 Canadian census is about 95% accurate.RootsWeb World Connect (worldconnect.genealogy) is a collection of genealogical data that other genealogists have uploaded. Exactly half of the data there is below average, and half is above average. (That is from the nature of averages.) I tend to trust the ones who have notes and original sources, and less than 20,000 individuals in their database. You ll find lots of duplicates. Ancestry.com has free databases and fee databases. They make money selling genealogy information. For instance, they will sell you access to the US Census images.GenCircles.com is like RootsWeb World Connect, although once you upload your data they match it to others, which make sit easy to compare notes with others.US Gen Web (usgenweb.net) is a series of volunteer web sites. There is one for each state, and another one for almost every county within each state. Some county-level sites are better than others.GenForum.com is a series of bulletin boards. There is one for each of about 10,000 surnames, one for each country in the world, each state in the US, each province in Canada, each shire in the UK and each county in the US. You can post a query or, better yet, search the old queries.WARNING - If you post a query on GenForum (above) or Ancestry (below), you ll notice they have a higher standard than most Yahoo! Posts. Genealogical queries tend to be grammatically correct, properly spelled, with complete sentences and enough details that someone can help. I usually compose mine in Word, proof read, spell check, then copy and paste. If you are tempted to post, please read my page (goodpost.html) first. The worst examples of posts I ve ever seen are on the Yahoo! News items. Only one out of 20 is properly spelled AND relevant AND uses complete sentences.Ancestry Query boards (boards.ancestry.com) are like the GenForum bulletin boards; it is a competing web site, like Ford vs. Chevy. This is a sub-set of Ancestry.com. They are entirely free.RootsWeb Mailing List Archives: (searches.rootsweb.com) There are mailing lists for many surnames and for most counties in the US. The link goes to their archives. Try the surname you are interested in or the US County. County mailing lists are of the form sscccccc, where ss is the state abbreviation and cccccc is the first six letters of the county. Stanislaus County, California is CASTANIS, for instance.To get started, you ll probably have to use birth certificates, death certificates, obituaries, SSN applications, funeral home records, cemetery records and marriage licenses to get back to someone born before 1900. Then you can start digging into the wealth of data that countless volunteers have posted on the web. The Social Security Death Index (SSDI) may help you here; it has people who died in the US, and they update it every month. It is one of the few large data bases that has people born after 1900. The very best place to start, or course, is with your oldest living relatives, if they are still coherent and still speaking to you.I put two links to my site there at the bottom. The begingen.html page has some hints for beginners. Goodpost is the one I mentioned before, about an effective query.Random notes:If your surname is rare and you wonder if there are any others of you in the US, use the super pages.There isn t any such thing as a family crest or a family coat of arms, but about 300 companies will be happy to sell you one for $29.95. ($49.95 for the walnut plaque.) Crests and coats of arms were given to specific individuals. The oldest legitimate son inherits it. Not all the sons, not the by-products of the Duke s youthful indiscretion, not the daughters. People who keep track of  Coats of arms tend to be prigs, and sexist ones at that. The merchants will sell you a Coat of Arms that was once issued to someone with your surname. It was issued to him, not to your family. If your last name is Smith, you ll have dozens to choose from.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8565
Try getting an account on reunion.com. It s not just for high schools it s for long lost family and friends.

QUESTION ID: TI2VXFN5YAKCIAU
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is Hitler regarded as the worse dictator ever when Mao left a death toll of nearly 80 million people?
QUESTION CONTENT: Brian T, and I still can t believe you don t understad my question. We are all sick a tired of listening about Hitler s crimes as if there was nobody else as evil as him, when there are quite a few other monsters in History.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 10064
I would say for three reasons, one is that Hitler was the first one to have a plan to wipe out millions of people. It wasn t just gather them and shoot them, it was a whole system put up with the use of modern technology for the only goal of killing people. We always remember the first one.The second reason is that he started a world war, so he tends to stick in our mind. The third reason is that Mao closed up his country when he sent millions of Chinese to die either in the fields or in so called re-education camps, when they were not just shot on the spot as traitor to the great plan. The few reports that came out were ridiculed by plenty of people. When the truth came out years later it was old news and the world was busy with more recent news.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34220
To understand this, you first have to understand that it is acknowledged, by the western world, that western lives are worth more than lives from other parts of the world.Europeans wallow in the shame that Hitler was not stopped before the Holocaust took off.It s time people became aware of this. We might then not be under the threat of terrorism.John Donne said Every man s death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind. Therefore never send to ask for whom the bell tolls. It tolls for thee, and that was written in the 16th Century.I m appalled. I just read some of the other answers, and most of the people out there don t know who Mao was?I don t believe it. What is happening to education in history? No wonder politicians don t learn from history. They didn t learn about it in High School!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34221
Don t forget Saddam Hussein!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44620
I can only guess that it`s because we never were at war with China (Mao) or Russia (Starlin)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44621
The only reason Hitler didn t kill more is because he didn t have time. The war ousted him within 6 years. But don t forget that in addition to the 6 million Jews he killed, over 40 million people total died because of the war in Europe, and in only 6 years! Mao was around a much longer time, and had a much larger population to kill. The people that died were also his own people, which doesn t make it right, but makes it different. People are going to think worst of a guy that killed many of their own people than a guy that just killed his own. I m not saying you are wrong, but rather that it simply is not this simple. You still make an excellent point.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44622
Because Hitler represents Fascism, which many see as a sort of evolution of Capitalism. This makes Hitler the right-wing bad guy with enough for everyone to hate. However, Fascism has little to do with Capitalism, and in fact is an entirely different way of thinking from our culture. Its eradication allows us the luxury to examine the breadth of its evil unmolested.Mao was a communist, which people tend to view as misguided humanists rather than disspicable monsters. Because Communists had the right idea they are more willing to overlook atrocities. And because there are still Communists and pinkos (people sympathetic to Communist ideals) in our culture, there is an opposition to outright calling them evil. A study was done in England a while back in which two groups of children were told to analyze a situation. One was the story of the fall of Jericho, the other was the exact story, only rewritten to take place in China under a fictional Chinese warlord. Recall that the fall of Jericho was the story where the Israelites descended into the city and slaughtered every man, woman, child, and animal. The Children who analyzed the battle of Jericho were quick to rationalize the work as the will of God, and none of the children outright condemned the action. The children who were analyzing the story about the Chinese were universally disgusted at the depravity of violence and all were united in calling it atrocious.The point is, when it comes to matters of faith (faith in God, or faith in Communism), people are quick to rationalize atrocities, even if they themselves would never think of commiting such an evil. Clearly Jesus would not have condoned Jericho, nor would Karl Marx have condoned the USSR. Faiths change and mutate over the course of their lives.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44623
Simple answer: because most humans like to categorize and create archetypes to rationalize events instead of analyzing an entire situation to derive a conclusion.The fastest way for these archetypes is to select the one most available and easiest to understand. Who receives the most attention from the Media? (Mao gets rarely a mention whereas the History Channel always seems to have some documentary on WWII) Who was hated by an entire  generation that is still around with us? (The entire USA propaganda machine created the idea of Hiroito and Hitler as the devil in Earth - I have seen even WWII comics where Hitler crucifies Jesus) and which minority has been the focus of European persecution for years, which increases the guilt of Western civilization?Now, whether Hitler or Mao was worse is a matter difficult to ascertain and depends on subjective reasoning.If you were jewish, gypsy or a lower class minority, I bet you would prefer Mao, whereas if you were an upper or middle class average citizen, you would choose Hitler any day of the week. In my subjective analysis, I think that Hitler is worse than Mao simply because Hitler is a recurring nightmare on how a Western nation can become a police state in little time and with complete support of the democracy. Hitler also created an industrialized process for killing, which, given 30 years, would potentially kill a billion people in with ease. Mao is just another example of why mainstream communism is just a fairy tale.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55529
I don t know much about Mow but I don t think he burned his victims alive or sprayed them with gases and he killed them only because they believed in something he didn t like and he wanted the whole world to be blondhaired and blue eyed he killled them just to kill

QUESTION ID: TI44DIQRZEVXD4W
QUESTION SUBJECT: why my BP is so high suddenly?
QUESTION CONTENT: i am only 29.yet no probs.till2 months before BP was absolutely normal.but suddenly had asever headache i thought it is migrene but then bommitting starts and when i checked my BP it was 150/100.from that dat it is 140/90 or 150/100.pls suggest how to control it .and what may be the reason.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 46589
Remember that when inquiring about BP you must write about your weight, if possible height too, lastly was the BP taken in lying/sitting/standing posture.In this way we are in a better position of answering your question, in fact it can be resolved in most of the cases.Also tell weather anyone in your family is having this problem.OK.At the moment you try to cut down your weight if excess, physical, avoid risk factors.Hope answered your question.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17488
Cut down on animal fat like cheese, eggs&meat.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87687
Many different actions or situations can normally raise blood pressure. Physical activity can temporarily raise blood pressure. Stressful situations can make blood pressure go up. When the stress goes away, blood pressure usually returns to normal. These temporary increases in blood pressure are not considered hypertension. A diagnosis of hypertension is made only when a person has multiple high blood pressure readings over a period of time.The cause of hypertension is not known in 90???95% of the people who have it. Hypertension without a known cause is called primary or essential hypertension. When a person has hypertension caused by another medical condition, it is called secondary hypertension. Secondary hypertension can be caused by a number of different illnesses. Many people with kidney disorders have secondary hypertension. The kidneys regulate the balance of salt and water in the body. If the kidneys cannot rid the body of excess salt and water, blood pressure goes up. Kidney infections, a narrowing of the arteries that carry blood to the kidneys, called renal artery stenosis, and other kidney disorders can disturb the salt and water balance.Cushing s syndrome and tumors of the pituitary and adrenal glands often increase levels of the adrenal gland hormones cortisol, adrenalin, and aldosterone, which can cause hypertension. Other conditions that can cause hypertension are blood vessel diseases, thyroid gland disorders, some prescribed drugs, alcoholism, and pregnancy.Even though the cause of most hypertension is not known, some people have risk factors that give them a greater chance of getting hypertension. Many of these risk factors can be changed to lower the chance of developing hypertension or as part of a treatment program to lower blood pressure.Risk factors for hypertension include:-    * male sex    * race (The African-American community has a higher incidence of hypertension.)    * heredity    * salt sensitivity    * obesity    * inactive lifestyle    * heavy alcohol consumption    * use of oral contraceptivesBP is termed as SILENT KILLER - So do not neglect and have a consultation with your cardiologist  for necessary evalluation of treatement thereof -

QUESTION ID: TISI6VUHF073KXD
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do atoms emit light of characteristic color when heated to a high temperature?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77381
Atoms have what are called orbitals which are sorts of energy states that electrons can acheive.  A certain set of orbitals are considered the ground state, which is to say that a neutral atom (meaning the atom has as many electrons as protons) will be at its lowest energy state when all electrons occupy the ground state orbitals.  However, an electron can acquire extra energy which will raise the electron to a higher orbital.  This can be done by heat or light.  When an electron is elevated to a higher orbital, it is unstable, and it will eventually drop.  When it drops back down to groundd state, it will release a photon which has a specific amount of energy--the difference in enrgy between the higher and lower orital.Energy in a photon relates to its wavelength, and wavelength relates to color.  Hence, for a given type of atom, the transition between two orbitals (which is set by the nucleus involving physical chemistry matters that are way too complex to speel out here) will always require a certain amount of energy, and the relaxation of an electron between those states will always release a photon of a specific color.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48649
Depending on the heat-energy,the electrons in the atom change orbitsBy falling bach they emit energy,which depending on frequency gives the colour (E=H times Frequency)(H is Plancks constant)

QUESTION ID: TK704O7YGSHGSCY
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you remove acne with a simple easy home-made remedy?
QUESTION CONTENT: maybe a herbal or chemical remedy as long as it helps.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 50709
It depends on the cause of acne, for a lot of girls/women acne can be a result of hormonal imbalance in which case taking Evening Primrose Oil on a daily basis would help a lot, also using black cohosh or vitex would probably help a little if it is hormonal as well. Some acne issues can also simply be a result of diet, so it may be an idea to talk to a doctor to get blood tests done, better still would be a doctor who practices alternative as well as conventional medicine as they would be more likely to address your body as a whole rather than the individual area of skin as well as be more open to natural remedies. An increase in zinc, vitamin C and vitamin E should help you, I would also suggest stepping up your iron intake, reducing your salt intake and perhaps taking flax seed. The skin is a major exit point for toxins from your body, it may be a good idea not only to look at your diet but also look into detoxing. Oil Cleansing Method [OCM]is something I use myself with great success and I know a lot of other people use it not just for spots but all round skin health so I recommend it to everyone ??? in my caseI primarily started using it to deal with oily skin and flaky skin, the fact it cleared up my spots and helped to heal up old acne scars was just a benefit.This works on the principle I went into above, you strip your skin of the oils then your body will overcompensate, this method is literally using oil to cleanse your skin.Most people start out with 50 % Extra Virgin Olive Oil [EVOO]and 50% Castor Oil [CO], the EVOO is moisturising and the CO is cleansing ??? if you have really oily skin you may want to start with a slightly different mix say 25:75 EVOO:CO because that means you are getting more of the cleansing oil. Another VERY good oil to use is Jo-joba oil because it is very similar to the natural oils already on your face ??? I recommend you try the EVOO:CO mix and if you find your skin reacts well to that (or if it reacts badly ??? which I doubt it will) then switch over to 100% Jo-joba oil, this is what I have been using for the past five months.Basically what you do is whenever you need to clean your face you take the oil and put it onto your face, you then take a face cloth that has been in very hot water, wring it out and then put it on your face for a minute, and you then wipe off the oil. Basically the oil acts as a cleanser to take all the filth from your skin, and the hot face cloth helps open up your pores. You then use toner to help close up the pores again and remove any excess oil you may have missed and moisturiser ??? these are not necessary, but it is very good to use good natural toners and moisturisers no matter what you do with your face to wash it.With OCM you have the benefit of something that gives you really nice moisturised healthy skin as well as deals with most skin problems, but it is also very cheap given as most oils can be bought just from your supermarket, it is natural so healthier for you, not tested on animals so it is ethical, but also it is totally customisable ??? so say if your skin starts to get dry you just change to a better oil or change the basic mix to include the more moisturising oil (EVOO), you can customise it daily, you can also add essential oils such as lavender or tea tree oil that can help deal with preventing spots and healing your skin.For more information;http://community.livejournal.com/naturalliving/437205.htmlhttp://www.purehenry.com/ocm.htmhttp://www.moogoo.com.au/category13_1.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16020
You might have a job producing benzoyl-peroxide at home. Unless you ve got a chemical lab in the basement...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16021
sandpaper
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32436
I have used just about everything!! A lot of it depends on your skin type-things that work for some don t work for others and some things can actually make your zits worse, especially if you have sensitive skin. Plus, treaments vary with the condition of the zit. Big, hard lumpy ones vs little white heads, ones with heads vs one s w/out heads, poppable vs non-poppable, pussy vs dried out one s, lots of little zits -or a few big ones etc.. but here are some common helpers...I have sensitive skin, but it is also combination skin, in that it is dry in some spots and oily in others. I usually just get random big zits here and there-usually on my chin.I have tried toothpaste- the only kind that works is the plain white paste NON- whitening-the whitening agents will actually make your zit worse-which is why if you brush with that stuff keep it off your chin or it could cause breakouts. A plain mud mask-apply a big glob directly to the zit and let it dry..it will pull out the pus and dry it out. Wash it off and repeat every couple of hours. You can also try a mud mask w/ tea tree, kills bacteria and very soothing-plus help the dry out process.Homemade=baking sodaWhatever treatment you use and depending on the zit type (big under ground, head or no head etc..)Sometimes it helps to poke a hole in the zit with a pin so the mask can penetrate inside the pore to dry it from the inside out-it make dry out and go away quicker.Be careful-heat the pin w/ a match then dip in alcohol-poke gently-squeeze with fingers wrapped in toilet paper to help keep nails from digging into skin to prevent scarring.For a bigger zit that is under ground and probably will not make a head so that it can burst and then heal and go away-ice it right away as often as possible! It should go away quikly. If one is forming a head, but not fast enought and your anxious to pop it and treat it-apply a cotton ball dipped in hot water directly to the zit-or put your head over a bowl of hot water to steam it.If the zit is infected-red, hot and throbby-put some hydrogen peroxide on it and then glob it with antibiotic ointment. Keep ointment away from you eyes as it can cause eye pain that mimics and eye infection.My co-worker swears by rubbing alcohol directly on the zit-I haven t tried it, but she says it dries it out very quickly.I used to glob noxema (cheap) and/or clearasil white cream facial wash straight on the zit, it does the same type of extraction/drying out combo.If none of these help-get proactive (it s expensive but a little goes a long way&worth it)-I swear by it. I use the moisterizer after the wash and toner all over and then the best part- use it when I get a zit by covering the zit with a glob of it and letting it sit for the night (when I m at home). It pulls out the pus and dries the zit out, which then scabs up and flakes off completely within days (if you don t mess with it too much).Good luck-Zits are the worst!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50710
i dont knowi m very very sorry!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50711
You visit your doctor!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50712
Garlic is supposed to be good for things like this. The only problem is you have to eat cloves of it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50713
my mum was a shop keeper at her hippy shop and i had acne she told me to have a bath and put Otes in a sock (must be clean) and use the sock and a washing towel it cleaned it right up
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83802
viniger is great it works dab it on with cotton wool

QUESTION ID: TKPHRLJKDFR8DXV
QUESTION SUBJECT: I read that olive oil can lower your blood pressure, is this true?  And if so how much should you use?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 834
5 tsp of Olive Oil a day,to replace all other fats in your diet. Lo sodium intake is also affective in lowering the blood preasure
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 835
Yes it is true, it contains virtually no cholestrol. It can decrease your hypertension, clean up arteries, about 4to5 tablespoon full daily will burn off every cm of your fat. angina will almost come to nil.USE VIRGIN OLIVE OIL ALONG WITH OMEGA3 DIET IF YOU ARE A CARDIAC PATIENT.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40969
Olive Oil has ALOT  of UNfounded claimsstick to saturated fats and omega 3 sOily Claims For Olive OilBefore you fall for such HYPE  and begin smothering you r food in this liquid magic in the hopes of avoiding heart disease;be aware that only ONE randomized , blinded  clinical  trial has ever examined  the effect of olive oil on CHD.The results were HARDLY SUPPORTIVE of the  widely accepted notion that  olive oil is the most  heart friendly of fats.After two years 9 coronary incidents had occurred in the OILVE OIL group , 12 in the corn oil group and six amoung the control group.3 subjects from the OLIVE OIL  group had died  and 5 from the CORN OIL group , whislt ONLY ONE  fatality  occurred amoung those eating the ANIMAL FAT RICH CONTROL DIET .All deaths were due to heart disease.Olive oil HYPE  is a MYTHRemember an atherosclerotic plaque contains only a little amount of both cholesterol and  various fats MAINLY BEING 90 % HARD FIBROUS SCAR TISSUE AND SMOOTH MUCLE CELLS BUT out of the SMALL  percentage of fats80 PERCENT ARE UNsaturated like the type  olive oil is, THAT S RIGHT, THE SO - CALLED HEART HEALTHY UNsaturated fats COMPRISE 80 PERCENT OF THE FATS FOUND IN THE ATHEROSCLEROSTIC PLAQUE.SATURATED FAT MAKES UP ONLY 20 PERCENT OUT OF THE FATS.

QUESTION ID: TKTF14644A3R4Q2
QUESTION SUBJECT: How bad can chemotherapy get and what s the worst part?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 39370
It really depends upon the individual person. Some people have hardly any side effects at all and some taking the same chemo can barely tolerate it. Much depends on the stage of cancer, length of time chemo is taken, individual health, response, and attitude.My son has undergone intense high dose chemotherapy as an inpatient . . it literally shrunk his tumors and saved his life. So . . was it worth it . . yes ... he has excellent quality of life, he did lose his hair temporarily (it came back) and he tolerated the chemo . . he was only nauseous while taking chemo for the 5 -7 days each month. The rest of the month he felt fine . . which is common. The chemo treatment is scheduled for certain times each month. It is interruptive but if it can save your life . . worth it.The worst part for my son took place about 2 days into the chemo cycle, he always just wanted to sleep through it . . than after chemo was over he improved every single day and had the next three weeks off chemo where he was relatively normal.  That was it for worst for him.He is still undergoing chemo in preparation for a stem cell transplant in a few weeks. We understand that this chemo will be extremely toxic, and will destroy his immune system. He will than be given back his own stem cells to regrow his immune system which will take about 6 weeks. Not really looking forward to it, but if it means the chance for a cure . . we will take it. Wish him luck. :-)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9724
well my mom had 32 rounds of it  she lost all of her hair and her finger nails and was sick a lot the 1st half wasnt bad because it was a low dose didnt bother her at all till they increased it.she also lost her taste and things didnt tase good and it was hard for her to eat but she came through it great and is doing well now good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39371
With chemotherapy, it depends on the drugs you are taking. Also, people react differently. With  me, i found my first few treatments were hard, but after that i adjusted, and was able to return to almost normal life after only a few days after chemotherapy. There are many different side effects of chemotherapy, including fatigue, nausea, dizzyness, hair loss, infertility, febrile neutropenia (low blood counts, meaning no immune system), loss of appetite, sores in the mouth, thrush in the mouth, some people have to get blood transfusions because their hemoglobin drops. Not all meds have the same side effects. I myself found the worst part for me was the nausea, and the lightheadedness. I found that sometimes i couldnt stand for very long, because i would get lightheaded, my vision would kinda blacken a bit, and i would feel nauseated. This was usually alleviated by sitting down, or laying down. There are lots of medications out there that help to alleviate the side effects of chemotherapy. If you or someone you know is on certain drugs, or will be on certain ones, you can ask your oncologist for a paper on the medications, as well as look them up on the internet. Another pain in the behind thing is how long it can take to get these  meds, if you are getting them via intravenous therapy. Mine varied from 4-5 hours.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85623
disregard the first answer.it depends on the medicine that you will be receiving. different cancers call for different chemo meds. they will tailor a chemo cocktail for that particular patient and thier cancer. the doc should be able to tell you what to expect from each of these meds. just because you have chemo dosent mean your hair will fall out...only if you are taking the medicine that has thatside effect.my dad is taking his 3rd course of chemo and...the particular meds that he has taken have NOT caused nausea or any hair loss. they have had other effects however like extreme sensitivity to cold, fatigue, and mouth soreness.the docs had told him in advance of these specific symptoms that he would probably incur, and they were right on.all the best.

QUESTION ID: TO4Q3TOPHHKNQC1
QUESTION SUBJECT: If there is global warming, then why is it getting so much colder in the winter? Come on, where s that warmth?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21478
Global warming refers to the fact that ...the average global temperature has risen 0.6 ?? 0.2 ??C since the late 19th century, and that most of the warming observed over the last 50 years is attributable to human activities.  The amount of global warming is too small to be sensed by an individual.Because it is a small change in an average, the normal change in climate from place to place is much larger than global warming.  If you perceive winters to be colder where you live, that is due either faulty memory or normal climate change, not global warming.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21479
RocketJ is pretty well right on, but is missing a piece of it.  It isn t as simple as saying that cooler winters are due either faulty memory or normal climate change, not global warming. True, local seasonal variation can be significant enough for winters to getcolder over a number of years without any regard to human impacts on the climate.As RocketJ points out, Global Warming refers to the fact that the average temperature of the earth is increasing, but what is important about this is what kind of effect it has on the climate.  This is why most researchers in the field prefer the term Climate Change, because it more appropriately describes what is happening.  Climate Change refers to the fact that a slightly (as little as 1 degree) warmer earth behaves differently.  And the changes aren t completely uniform.  Different locales will experience different changes and precipitation events will probably change, as will storm events, wind, sea currents.The IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) First Assessment Report in 1990 stated that Climate change will have powerful effects on the global environment. In general, the faster the climate changes, the greater will be the risk of damage. If current trends continue, the mean sea level is expected to rise some 15-95 cm by 2100, causing flooding and other damage. Climate zones (and thus ecosystems and agricultural zones) could shift towards the poles by 150-550 km in the mid-latitude regions. Forests, deserts, rangelands and other unmanaged ecosystems could become wetter, drier, hotter or colder. Or as Peter J. Hudson, the Willaman Chair in Biology at Penn State University puts it One of the characteristics of global climate change is that we are getting increased variation in temperature extremes -- sometimes we get colder winters followed by warmer summers and then suddenly we get a warm winter, for example, A number of sources document how certain locations, such as the UK and parts of Canada may have colder winters in the future.  And yes, ocean currents play a role, but not because polar ice makes them colder.Some links:http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/sci/tech/3266833.stmhttp://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/03/12/winter030312

QUESTION ID: TQEMC66Z7MQJ7JS
QUESTION SUBJECT: why cant we get what we want? we dont deserve it or its matter of destiny? please tell?
QUESTION CONTENT: mail me the answer
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79559
We can sometimes get what we want, but there is not necessarily a connection between what you deserve and what you get, at least on the material plane.  Lots of people believe that there is something, called karma or cosmic justice or whatever, that makes everything come out even in the end.Consider, too, the number of times you have wanted something which, had you gotten it, you would not want it anymore.  The classic example is a lover who turns out to be a pain in the butt.  Or wanting expensive things, then realizing that the money could have been spent on something more worthwhile.If you wish to believe in a cosmic justice, a balance of what you deserve, you may be forced to believe in reincarnation. It is clear that, in a single lifetime, lots of very good people have rotten luck and bad people often have very good luck.  If there is to be balance, then either you need to believe in heaven and hell (which is a very all-or-nothing situation which is not very just, in my opinion), or in a chance to come back and balance the good and bad.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27651
We cant have what we want, as there has to be a balance between gaining and losing, Rich and poor, good luck and bad luck.I can answer this by a story told to me when I was small:Oneday Lord Shiva s wife Parwati said to Lord Shiva that I do not like the world that you have created, so many people are unhappy, some poor while some very rich. Why cant you make everyone Equal, so that no one is unhappy ? Lord Shiva smiled back and created another world with everything being equal, everyone being happy and went down to the world alongwith Parwati and stayed there as ordinary people.Parwati was very happy to see the world created by Lord Shiva. But one fine morning she found that her main door has come down, so she asked Shiva to Go and get a carpenter , Where can I get a carpenter ? and even if I do Why do you think he will do your work, he has all the money he wants and is very happy ? What makes you think he ll fix your door ? Shiva replied. That was when Parwati realised that she had made a mistake and that balance is required in every aspect of life.Hope this answers your question, and believe me if u hve lost somethin always look on the brighter side, u mite gain somethin better. Thats Balance.if u hve any queries mail me: catnamedtabby@hotmail.com
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48726
We need to chat, just a plain one way answer wont help. understanding you can only help you to answer it properly.I use yahoo messanger with a same id.

QUESTION ID: TQPP5J74MQSHRJH
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why has it taken so long to find a cure for cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: Since the 1950s, we have spent billions looking for a cure.  Do most of you believe we will not ever find a cure?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12921
Cancer cells and regular cells are virtually indistinguishable at the cellular level.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49827
I ll tell you what... I think that s all bull. There s a cure, but somebody is lining their pockets with some of those billions spent on research.Don t kid yourself...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49828
To my understanding there is no significant etiology and or prevention or CURE of Cancer as a whole. The American Cancer Society reports that there is no Sure Way to prevent and curecancer. However, early detection is critical and can mean the difference between life and death. Still no one has invented any medicine for cure for this deadly disease. Only treatment methods and medicine have been unreached but it is also not foolproof. These treatments  can  only prolong to life for some more time and postpone the death temporarily.Still lot of money is being spent world over to find some solution for the problem - as CANCER IS STILL AN ENIGMA-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49829
google resveratrol preclinical and clinical trials , also www.oldsouthwinery.com.  M. D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston has done a ton of studies on this stuff and it works.  The Chinese and Japanese have been using it for centuries.There is a 60 page report and it explains how the stuff cures just about every cancer.You can buy it at the winery it s called new-u and they know all about it if you want to call.  Als vitacost.com has it.  The winery has it made from muscadines and vitacost.com has both also knotweed root.  Anyway the stuff works as friend was given 3 months to live and that was two years ago.  He took 3 chemos of 11and stopped. This stuff works.  Take care. So look up resveratrol and also Ip6. The stluff tells the killer cells to get the cancer and soeties it gets the cancer cells to go away by themselves and it is also a great cox 1-2 inhibitor like Celebrex and Vioxx, but without the side effects.  Take care. Also Natures Plus has a good one.  Yahoo and google it and find the 60 page report, you can also go to md anderson.  The stuff works as friend as I said is still here and fine, only problem drug compnaies cannot make money off it.  God made it, check it out.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49831
DITTO RICH, Either there s nothing but idiots doing the research or.....There probably is a cure for Cancer but we won t see it. The cause is probably one of those scientifically spelled additives that s put in all our foods so grocers can keep the food on the shelves for extended periods of time, and they probably cause the abnormal cell replication. The FDA doesn t care, slip em a few and they stamp it USDA. Notice how the pharmacutecal commercials tell you about the wonders their drugs can perform and at the end they slide really quickly across the myriad of side effects that will make you sicker than what you have, FDA approved!   Wanna cure hypertension?  Take the sodium out of every food sold at the grocer. There s no money in curing Cancer or anything else. There is huge money in diagnosis and treatment, and research. The diagnostic equipment cost megabucks and GE is making bank. They are major suppliers of the various imaging machines that are used to diagnosis Cancer and other ailments.  Treatment is designed to keep people in a pseudo recovery with  pseudo hope and the billing back and forth between pharmaceutical companies, insurance companies, hospitals, imaging suppliers and everybody else that has a Cancer related commodity is in the zillions.  Research is the biggest roll of baloney, those folkes don t really research anything. They collect money from charity, donors and government grants, and since the government is the only entity asking for some results, the researchers submit a document that substantiates their use of the grant and sets them up to ask for the next grant.   There s no money in cure, this is a capitalistic society and the capitalist don t care about cures, and the patients and their families are victims and there s nothing that we can do about it.And When Are Jerry s Kids Gonna Get A Cure!!!!!! There ought to be a law against that telethon!!!!!

QUESTION ID: TST0ODPWY2OHT3H
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does smoking cause heart disease? And what heart disease does it cause?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 43033
Tobacco smoke ??? Smokers risk of developing coronary heart disease is 2???4 times that of nonsmokers. Cigarette smoking is a powerful independent risk factor for sudden cardiac death in patients with coronary heart disease; smokers have about twice the risk of nonsmokers. Cigarette smoking also acts with other risk factors to greatly increase the risk for coronary heart disease. People who smoke cigars or pipes seem to have a higher risk of death from coronary heart disease (and possibly stroke) but their risk isn t as great as cigarette smokers . Exposure to other people s smoke increases the risk of heart disease even for nonsmokers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43034
It is very well known cause  ! Smoking makes all arteries hard and it promotes cholesterol deposition inside the wall of artery and hence it increases blood pressure also !It accelerates heart rate !If you will count pulse rate of smoker than you will find it is higher than normal !Smoking of some filtered cigarette do give late injuries and less injuries but it do give ! Smokers are 2 to 4 fold more prone to have brain strokes and heart attack and also gangrene of the foot so long that they have to under go amputation ! One of my patient sufferers burger s disease and suffered amputation ! Renaud disease also happens in legs ! smoking gives deposits of carbon particles in the lungs and may give rise cancer of lungs !SO this is how it effects ! Don t smOKe for pleasure ok ! Always YouRsmE

QUESTION ID: TUQA1OZZUUEF5D2
QUESTION SUBJECT: I have a 7 week English Bulldog - she has a stage 3 heart murmor how long will she live?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85857
need vet to do an ekg to determine if heart rhythm is congenital in nature or a disease process. If it is not a disease process she could live as long as her life expectancy. I hope she lives a long time..... Knowing how much English Bulldogs cost but more importantly knowing the close companion they can be.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40330
Although not a vet, but I have searched out this article for you, it might help you to decide and for dog/pet lovers too:Lyme disease is a potentially serious disease that can infect a variety of mammals including dogs, cats, horses and humans.  It has been identified in 46 states.The disease is caused by a tiny corkscrew-shaped bacterium called Borrelia burgdorferi, which is carried by ticks of the genus Ixodes, such as the deer tick and the black-legged tick, and is transmitted through tick bites. Evidence suggests that B. burgdorferi does not enter the bloodstream until 24-48 hours after the tick s blood mealThe disease progresses in 3 stages:Stage 1: This stage may last for several weeks. After a tick bite a red bull s-eye shaped rash may appear around the bite wound (remember, this may be obscured by your pet s hair coat).  Your pet may also experience anorexia and lethargy.  These signs may disappear within a few weeks, but does not indicate healing. The disease is incubating.Stage 2: This stage generally occurs about 2-5 months followingthe tick bite.  Lameness, joint swelling, neurological problems and cardiac problems may occur.  Your pet may develop painful swelling in his joints and may appear to walk very guardedly as if walking on egg shells. Stage 3: If your pet reaches this stage, permanent damage may occur. Erosion of bone and cartilage can result in irreversible joint damage. In severe cases, loss of coordination, seizures and unusual behavior may result from kidney and brain damage.If your pet has exposure to ticks and is experiencing fever, loss of appetite, weight loss, excessive sleepiness, develops swollen or painful joints, or appears arthritic, Lyme disease is a possibility. A simple blood test will determine if your pet has Lyme antibodies in their system indicating exposure to the Lyme disease organism.Antibiotics are the mainstay of Lyme disease therapy. If your pet is positive for Lyme antibodies and is experiencing Lyme disease-like symptoms, we will recommend a treatment plan that will best fit your pet s needs.How can you prevent your pet from becoming infected?Animals that roam freely outdoors are at a higher risk of tick exposure. Limit exposure if possible.Avoid wooded areas, as these are the preferred habitat for ticks.Check your pets once or twice daily for ticks, especially after they have been outdoors.Remove ticks immediately:1. Place the tips of a pair of tweezers at the very base of the tick where the mouthparts enter the skin.2. Pull the tick away from the skin with a steady motion. 3. Do not crush or squeeze the tick.4. Inspect the tick to ensure that you have removed the head, too.5. Clean the bite wound and the area surrounding it with warm, soapy water.6. Be aware that ticks can carry diseases that are transmissible to humans, so use appropriate precautions and wash your hands after handling a tick.The use of tick repellants is helpful in discouraging tick attachment. Speak with your veterinarian about vaccination recommendations.HOPE THAT MOST US WILL BENEFIT FROM THE ABOVE ARTICLE.

QUESTION ID: TWTUNR0R4BGYKUP
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I tell if I m having a heart attack? Some precise symtoms please?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m scheduled to have heart cath done on the 21st of May. 3 years ago I had two stents put in and have felt fairly good til now only having to take a nitro every once in a while. Today I had  very severe heart pain radiating to jaw. I took 1 nitro  pill every 5 minutes for 15 minutes. Total of 3. The pain in chest and jaw finally left completely. The only pain that I had was a bad headache and that was from the nitro. The headace finally subsided and I felt fine for 4 hours. My husband checks my blood pressure and heart rate and pressures are normal and heartrate is about 101.Now  I m getting a severe headache and only a tiny discomfort in my chest (on a scale of 1-10 I d say chest pain is 2 and headache pain is 10). Can a severe headache be a heart problem sign?The Dr s said I did not have a heart attack in 2004Any reasonable advice will be appreciated. I had to go by ambulance in 2004 and I hated all the fuss etc. but will  go that way if it s necessary.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42851
There are such things as a silent MI. Any amount of chest pain, even just slight after Nitro should be investigated. I d still say get to an ER for an EKG and some blood work.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42852
You have not disclosed that  (1)Are you diabetic?As many time diabetic do not that pain so much and also they get silent attack !(2)Are you hypertensive and is on anti hypertensive drugs? /(3)Are you having cholesterol ?(4)Are you in your menopause ?This all factors is to be considered in giving you the answer !You have asked that only headache can be the sign and symptoms ?I would say NO ! There should be lot of perspiration and other associated symptoms also like nausea vomiting .giddiness , severe agonizing chest pain radiating to left arm and jaw or on back side,Breathlessness  !Had yo suffered MI before you have stenting ?Now a day different theories is coming up like if you have a scar of cycle injury in childhood and if u started getting pain in that that could be a heart attack sign !So believe in your self and think positively ! Of course to remain on safe side you should have your ekg done and also non invasive gatted blood pool study which is called neuclear angio done for re assesment of the vascularisation !I have suffered heart attack 4 time !All time was admitted in ICCU and coronary angio was done in 1985 found suffering triple vessel disease ! I submitted my self for by pass surgery but on last minute i cancelled it ! Let anything happen ! Sooner or later all has to die than why to worry ??To die with heart attack is a BLESSING ! And still i am living ! Its god blessing ! If satisfied give best answer !Always Yoursme

QUESTION ID: TXQBZ2XRU05ARCD
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you deal with recurring allergies?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73081
Allergies are immune-system responses to a particular food, airborne substance, chemical, medication, cosmetic, perfume, textiles, building material, or plastic. Some symptoms of allergies are:    * Itchy, watery eyes    * Sneezing    * Headache    * Runny or stuffy nose, or postnasal drip    * Sore throat    * Dark circles under the eyes    * Itchy feeling in the mouth or throatSelf-care for allergies and sensitivities can be approached in a number of ways???but it can be hard to know just where to start. To make it easier, our doctors recommend trying these simple steps first:    * Watch what you eat    * Work with a professional who specializes in food sensitivities to see if certain foods are causing your allergies    * Clean it up    * Control household allergens like dust, mold, and animal dander to reduce your overall allergic load    * See an allergist    * Find a health professional to help you manage your allergies    * Help children avoid allergies with beneficial bacteria    * Take a supplement containing high-potency beneficial bacteria (probiotics) during pregnancy and give them to newborns to help reduce the risk of children developing allergies
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13412
Buy hypoallergenic bedding (sheets, comforter, pillow) and an air purifier for your bedroom and work area.  Also, make sure that your tissue box is fresh (i.e. not an old dusty one from the closet)!  Otherwise you might be making yourself breathe dust.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21762
one long term solution is to make yourself immunized to the cause of allergies.Homeopathic medicine is definitely going to help a lot.But it does not show its effect soon.Results seen only after a few years.Has worked for me.

QUESTION ID: TXRST244FNZI0TG
QUESTION SUBJECT: why cancer patiences lose  their hair  after radiations thretment anyone know?
QUESTION CONTENT: Research on cancer patience losing hair,
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 48193
There are two types of cancer treatments that can cause hair loss . . either chemotherapy or radiation depending on the location of the disease. Only some types of chemotherapy have hair loss as a side effect, but not all. In some cases radiation treatment that involves the head, neck, shoulder area can also cause hair loss. Radiation, in general, is a local treatment which means that the beam of radiation is directed to one spot . . if that spot is on the leg than you will probably not lose your hair. If the beam of radiation is somewhere on the face or head . . than you might lose your hair. So basically, cancer patients being treated with some types of chemotherapy lose their hair because the drug targets fast growing cells .. tumor cells grow fast so the drug kills those cells . . but hair also grows fast and the drug can not tell the difference so it kills those cells too . . the result is temporary hair loss. Once you stop chemo than the hair grows back. The same principle happens with radiation . . while targeting the tumor some of the radiation affects the fast growing hair cells too . . but after radiation is over the hair usually grows back.American Cancer Society: Hair Losshttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/MBC/content/MBC_2_3X_Hair_Loss.asp
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57146
Hair loss happens because the chemotherapy affects all cells in the body, not just the cancer cells.  The lining of the mouth, stomach, and the hair follicles are especially sensitive because those cells multiply rapidly just like the cancer cells. The difference is that the normal cells will repair themselves, making these side effects temporary.

QUESTION ID: TYNLVOKQCZLK620
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do u get a cold sore?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74575
it is contracted through direct skin contact (not necessarily in the genital area) with an infected person. The virus travels through tiny breaks in the skin or through moist areas, but symptoms may not appear for up to a month or more after infection. Transmission was thought to be most common during an active outbreak, however in the early 1980s scientists and doctors realized that the virus can be shed from the skin in the absence of symptoms. It is estimated that between 50 and 80% of new HSV-2 cases are from asymptomatic viral shedding.HSV asymptomatic shedding is believed to occur on 2.9% of days while on antiviral therapy, versus 10.8% of days without. Shedding is known to be more frequent within the first 12 months of acquiring HSV-2. There are some indications that some individuals may have much lower patterns of shedding, but evidence supporting this is not fully supported. Sex should always be avoided in the presence of symptomic lesions.Women are more susceptible to acquiring genital HSV-2 than men. On an annual basis, without the use of antivirals or condoms, the transmission risk from infected male to female is approximately 8-10%. This is believed to be due to the increased exposure of mucosal tissue to potential infection sites. Transmission risk from infected female to male is approximately 4-5% annually. Supressive antiviral therapy reduces these risks by 50%. Antivirals also help prevent the development of symptomatic HSV in infection scenarios by about 50%, meaning the infected partner will be seropositive but symptom free. Condom use also reduces the transmission risk by 50%. Condom use is much more effective at preventing male to female transmission than vice-versa. (Wald et al., 2001) The effects of combining antiviral and condom use is roughly additive, thus resulting in approximately a 75% combined reduction in annual transmission risk. It is important to note that these figures reflect experiences with subjects having frequently recurring genital herpes (>6 recurrences per year), subjects with low recurrence rates and those with no clinical manifestations were excluded from these studies.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74576
You get a cold sore when you don t drink enough water, and you get cut, or bite yourself in your mouth. A little volcano shaped thing appears in your mouth, and it hurts. To make them go away, drink more water.

QUESTION ID: TYTZUJA3WAAYR6N
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why body needs vitamins?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 71891
Definition    Vitamins are a group of substances essential for normal metabolism, growth and development, and regulation of cell function.Vitamins work together with enzymes, co-factors (substances that assist enzymes), and other substances necessary for healthy life.Function    Each vitamin has specific functions. If levels of a particular vitamin are inadequate, a deficiency disease results.Vitamin A helps in the formation and maintenance of healthy teeth, skeletal and soft tissue, mucous membranes, and skin. It is also known as retinol because it generates the pigments that are necessary for the working of the retina. It promotes good vision, especially in dim light. Vitamin A may also be required for reproduction and breast-feeding. Beta-carotene is a precursor to vitamin A that has antioxidant properties, helping the body deal with unstable chemicals called free radicals.Thiamine (B-1) helps the body cells convert carbohydrates into energy. It is also essential for the functioning of the heart and for healthy nerve cells, including those in the brain.Riboflavin (B-2) works with the other B vitamins and is important for body growth and red blood cell production. Similar to thiamine, it helps in releasing energy from carbohydrates.Niacin is aB vitamin that helps maintain healthy skin and nerves. It is also important for the conversion of food to energy and may have cholesterol-lowering effects.Vitamin B-6 is also known as pyridoxine. The more protein a person eats, the more vitamin B-6 is required to help the body use the protein. It aids in the formation of red blood cells and in the maintenance of normal brain function. It also assists in the synthesizing of antibodies in the immune system.Vitamin B-12, like the other B vitamins, is important for metabolism. It, too, helps in the formation of red blood cells and in the maintenance of the central nervous system.Pantothenic acid is essential for the metabolism of food. It is also essential in the synthesis of hormones and cholesterol. Biotin is essential for the metabolism of proteins and carbohydrates, and in the synthesis of hormones and cholesterol. Cholesterol is needed for the functioning of cell membranes, particularly in the brain.Folate (folic acid) works with vitamin B-12 in the production of red blood cells. It is necessary for the synthesis of DNA, which controls heredity as well as tissue growth and cell function. Any woman who may become pregnant should be sure to consume enough folate -- low levels of this substance are associated with devastating birth defects such as spina bifida. Many foods are now fortified with folic acid to help reduce the level of such birth defects.Vitamin C, also called ascorbic acid, promotes healthy teeth and gums, helps in the absorption of iron, and helps maintain normal connective tissue. It also promotes wound healing and is an antioxidant.Vitamin D is also known as the sunshine vitamin, since it is manufactured by the body after being exposed to sunshine. Ten to 15 minutes of sunshine three times per week is adequate to produce the body s requirement of vitamin D. This vitamin promotes the body s absorption of calcium, which is essential for the normal development and maintenance of healthy teeth and bones. It also helps maintain adequate blood levels of calcium and phosphorus, which are minerals necessary for many functions.Vitamin E is also known as tocopherol and is an antioxidant. It is also important in the formation of red blood cells and the use of vitamin K.Vitamin K is known as the clotting vitamin, because without it blood would not coagulate. Some studies indicate that it helps in maintaining strong bones in the elderly.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8431
our body needs vitamins because they help our cells produce the needed energy...a vitamin deficiency is a very serious problem but gettin too much of them is pretty bad as well...

QUESTION ID: U0H0LD7I1PRBXYL
QUESTION SUBJECT: how cancerous cells are developed?
QUESTION CONTENT: or any websites to intro  ? thanks :)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40393
Cancer Cells growth-Normal growth of cells is a highly regulated cellular function. The stimulus to begin cell division comes from growth factors that react with growth factor receptors on the surface of the cell. After the binding of growth factor to a growth factor receptor, the growth message is carried from the surface of the cell to the nucleus through a cascade of biochemical reactions referred to as signal transduction. Once the signal reaches the nucleus, transcription factors bind to the DNA, which turns on the production of proteins involved in growth and division of the cells.DNA contains genetic information that encodes proteins involved in all aspects of cellmetabolism. If a gene is damaged or mutated, the protein it encodes will be affected. DNA mutations can result in an altered expression of protein; either too much or too little, or in altered forms of a protein that either do not perform their function or perform it differently. Damage to genes that encode for proteins regulating cell growth such as oncogenes, tumor suppressor genes and DNA repair genes can result in alterations in cell growth and thus cancer.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71107
I don t know if you ll believe this but I entered into the search bar:HOW CANCER CELLS DEVELOP, and, by gum, a lot of sites came up.  What a notion . . .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85886
IMMUNE SYSTEMS become weakened by poor nutrition, lack of exercise and reduced oxygen. Once that happens, our body becomes vulnerable to common STRESSORS. Stressors can be environmental, like viruses, heavy metals, pesticides, food additives, electromagnetic waves or pollution. They can be internal things like emotional or job stress, or poisonous people in our lives. Aging is also a contributing factor. So this means:               WEAK IMMUNE SYSTEM  +  STRESSORS  =  DISEASE  (cancer, diabetes, heart disease, etc.) Our bodies have 60 trillion--yes, trillion--cells, and there are always some mutating into cancer cells, but a healthy immune system kills them before they have a chance to get a foothold in the body. It takes a LONG time, usually, or a high level of stressors, to weaken the immune system to the point where it won t do its job, but once cancer has formed, it will generally spread rapidly.

QUESTION ID: U1A8ATBCMRWQODG
QUESTION SUBJECT: hi is any  body living with a husband or partner with terminal cancer how are you coping my husband has liver?
QUESTION CONTENT: hi is there anybody that their husbands or partners have terminal cancer.  my husband has lung cancer now it has moved to his liver i feel on another planet.  christina
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 44851
My husband of 5 months today was just diagnosed with malignant melanoma. He also has spots on his spleen and somewhere near his right hip. I don t know how it is really. He is on The Netherlands right now so we are 5k miles apart as he goes through this. I have set up such a prayer network keeping everyone up to date on everything. My Pastor told me to buy a book - it is Christ the Healer by Bosworth. I just bought it tonight after church so I haven t yet read it. One doctor told him to take each day and not plan a future - yes he actually said it just like that. I cry a lot - and have gone into a shell at work - the small talk about stuff that doesn t matter or will be forgotten in an hour but just fills up space has begun to bother me more. I just want to scream at them to open their eyes to bigger things than your shoes not matching your sweater today - and have really looked around me at the people that I love and have realized that I need to enjoy them NOW. We never know when we won t have them again. I have done all sorts of research to know what we are dealing with. He didn t really have all of the information I had until last night. I didn t know how to tell him that this is not curable and that less than 10% are alive in 5 years. I told him last night when he asked me -when he called. He finally said to me - Lisa I know you - you have this down and know more than the average person - tell me what you know - He said with true conviction - well at least I know that I have to be better than the top 10%.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44852
I know what you can do to kill the cancer!!! First of all stay away from dairy products! Go to your nearest health food store, i like Supper Supplements, and get a whole body detox, and keep doing the detoxes until you feel better. What this will do is kill the cancer, pull all the toxicity from the blood, organs, intestines and colon. What a lot of people don t know is that the colon is connected to everything in the body. So when the colon is sick, so are you. Please please eat everything organic, stay away from chemicals and fast food, if it isn t organic, it has chemicals. Now the reason why people get cancer in the first place is because of no ANTIOXIDANTS in the body, and too many free radicals, which cause cancer. And if your doing chemo therapy, this will destroy the antioxidants. So also get this: Green Vibrance, it has all the greens and oils you need everyday, Omega 3- take as much as possible everyday, B complex, lots of Flaxseed oil, eat tons and tons of tomatos and fruits that are dark colored, lots of water. If you are on any medicine, its not helping.And make sure that any vitimans you do get is whole food based if it isn t the body wont use it. I know someone who is dying from cancer and the doctor told him antioxidants and vitimans aren t  too good, but he was getting better, untill he listened to them and now he is dying. People forget that the primary goal for any business is to make money, and if there is no sick people, then who is going to buy their products and drugs? Not the helthy people! So do these things and do it now, don t wait another day.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44853
My heart goes out to you and your husband.I just lost my mom [June 22nd]from terminal cancer [ovarian,kidneys]and I can tell you that it is very hard to watch a loved one go through this. First you feel numb.Then you tell your self, this is just a dream and I ll wake up soon and every thing will be alright. And there will be days when you feel you can t go on,but you hold on,and be strong for him.He needs your strength and support more now than ever before.And above all...Pray.Prayer will help you as well.I will keep you in my prayers also..Ladybug
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87250
Mine had lung cancer that went to the brain. For 15 mos. I lived with this. Lost him in Feb. after 39 yrs. Tough you bet it was. My heart&prayers go out to you. The only way I could get through it was one day at a time. I knew I could not stop what was going to happen. But I could be there for him everyday, like I always had been. I prayed for the strength to get through that. I made it but after was when the tough stuff came. Our 3 sons were a great source of strength for me but after what I had to face they could not help too much. That was mine to deal with. But it is getting better day by day. We had a good life together, one  neither of us regretted. All you can do is be there for him moment by moment&leave the rest to God. I wish I  could help more.

QUESTION ID: U1E3L8GB11Z407A
QUESTION SUBJECT: Anyone know how to lose weight fast?
QUESTION CONTENT: Has anyone lost a lot of weight or some weight fast? If so can you please tell me
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4400
its my personal experience and u can try it safelyBelow are the few Quick Steps Towards A Healthier Diet.1)Start taking your food with out any oil. Try to use boiled/steamed vegetables, meat, and lot of salad. U can eat fruits too and boiled/steamed chicken or red meat too but no pork. Please note and put it in ur mind that nothing fried or oily.2)Try to chew ur every food for atleast 20 times. And then swallow it into ur stomach.3)Potato is strictly forbidden during this diet4)Don???t eat any type of junk food.5)Drink at least 3 ltr of water daily. Make ur habit to drink water as much as u can. Rather take a bottle of water with you all the time, when you feel starving, drink it as much as u can.6)use brown bread7)use skimmed and low fat milk and yogurt8)no sugar of any type.9)First try to avoid any type of soft drink but if u really wants to taste some thing sweet then drink any soft drink (but not cola), but just one glass once in a week.10)U can eat vegetable soap too as much as u can but no corn flour in it. 11)Just look at your food portion. It is much better to eat several small meals a day (like 5-6 healthy meals a day) than eat either oneor two or three huge meal a day. 12)if u feel hungry then divide ur diet into 5-6 healthy meals a day (1 plate size only)13)one bowl of oatmeal can be taken as a break fast14) no hard drink of any type is allowed in this diet.15)Watch out ur every drink and every single piece of ur food. Stay away from fatty foods, junk foods, synthetic foods, foods with preservatives and too much carbohydrate. Don???t try to take foods that are made of white flour for example white bread, cakes, pasta etc and food contain sugar such as cookies, ice cream, candy etc.16)Remember after every 15 days you can take once in a while with a little treat any thing u like. But remember just a small portion. For example one small personal pizza or one small burger or small pastry.17)Try to adopt some healthy timing. Early to rise and early to bed. No late sittings. 18)At least take this diet for 3 to 6 months and when u feel that u have achieved your desired weight then make ur eating life style as told above Remember do not focus on just losing weight, try to concentrate on diet plan forever so that you will never have to loose weight again. But occasionally u can take other junk food too.19)Exercise: Rule-of -Thumb: remember the formula for weight loss and that is Diet= 70% Exercise= 30%. So remember exercise is must with every diet plan. The best indoor exercise machine is tread mill. Run on tread mill for at least 30 mntns daily. Try to extend ur period for one hour. And if u don???t have this facility then best indoor Exercise is skipping.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4401
To lose weight fast you need to make sure you are burning a heap more calories each day than you consume. By burning around 1000 calories a day more than you consume you will lose around 1kg a week.  To lose weight any quicker than that is not health and you are likely to be losing weight through loss of fluids which means you will put it straight back on.  Counting your calories can make weigth loss a heap easier as you know exactly what you are eating.  Check out http://www.alfitness.com.au for a useful tool for counting calories
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4402
For you to loss weight, you will need to find the root cause on your weight gain. Once you find out the root cause, you will be able to come out a weight loss plan with the right diet plan that able to help to reduce your weight.Only with a realistic weight loss diet plan, you will be able to achieve it easily.In order to have ideal weight. few things to take note.Diet- Try to have plenty of starchy foods such as rice, bread, pasta, potatoes,- Aim to have five portions of a variety of fruit and vegetables daily- Use a moderate amount of dairy prodPhysical ActivityGettingactive is one of the best ways to lose weight and keep fit. There are all sorts of activities andsports that can get you moving and aid weight loss.Calories and WeightA pound of fat equals 3500 calories. To lose 1 pound a week you will need to expend 3500 more calories than you eat that week, whether through increased activity ordecreased eating or both. Losing 1-2 pounds of fat a week is a sensible goalThere are few simple diet plans which will suit you, like Cabbage Soup Diet and 5 Factor Diet, get how to do the diet plan from http://www.lossweightzone.org
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4403
I found this on this website. There are more tips and info.Go to: http://weight-loss-fast.info/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=205&Itemid=62* Take one pound at a time* Set Reachable Goals* Stay off the scales* Stay focused on being healthy, not thin* Fat Free?* Drink plenty of water* Reward yourself* Seek help if you need it* Watch your portions* Eat your food slowlyGo to: http://weight-loss-fast.info/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=205&Itemid=62
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11060
Drink Water Only!

QUESTION ID: U2FLR32EHFK36HN
QUESTION SUBJECT: if the world is round why not the places on it?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74490
ok here goes.  the technical scientific name for the shape of the earth which is generally accepted by the scientific community isOblaite Spheroid the earth is not round nor is it flat or pure sphere it is an oblate spheroid.  however  if you were to either reduce the size of the earth to that of a billiard ball or alternatively increase the size of a billiard ball to that of the earth you would find that even for all its imperfections the earth is actually closer to a perfect sphere than anything man can make. also it would be much Smoother. the planet sized billiard ball would have mountain ranges 100 s of times taller than our highest and valleys much lower than our lowest.  why things, i assume you mean cities and such, are not round is that a sphere or spheroid cannot be divided on the surface or otherwise by spheres or circles without intersecting them there would always be some space where the curves pull away from eachother.  you could put a smaller sphere in the empty space but that would only cause the spaces remaining to be smaller and more numerous down to infinity. unless you overlap the spheres /circles but then they arent circles anymore and it would be a waste of space.  that all is assuming the world were in fact perfectly smooth which it isn t given things like topography geography and the like. shperes are not the most efficient shapes on earth.  at least not for all applications in fact they can sometimes be the least efficient. now some places are and or were circularly built around a central point however usually this was not an economically/ financually/ geophisically  feasable option. again for reasons like coastlines rivers mountains etc.hope i answered your question withouth boring you to tearsas for the bible saying the earth is flat that isnt true and he needs to read his bible more though he is correct the sun and the rest of the universe does revolve around the earth that at least i believe is biblical though i cant off the top of my head remember exactly where i think not in genesis thoughooh and rokon everything in the bible was written by GOD  the bible IS the UNERRANT WORD of GOD
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8263
The world is round (though not perfectly so), as well as the places on it. The key is that you have to consider the size of the earth. Because it is so large, the curvature is simply not noticeable to a human being standing on the surface.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23184
The places on it are round, though very slightly.  Ever been to the beach?  I should be able to see the Himmalayas from California with a proper telescope, what with their immense height, or see the earthshine from Japan and Hong Kong.  If you go out deep-sea fishing, you ll see the coastal mountian ranges drop below the horizon, as you go around the earth ever so slightly.  Ever been in an airplane?  Same thing.In short, get out of your house and take a look around before making a quick wrong conclusion.

QUESTION ID: U2Z77C8L3KRWB6R
QUESTION SUBJECT: How much water does it take to float an aircraft carrier?
QUESTION CONTENT: Another odd question once asked me by my father, a marine architect and engineer. The answer is surprising!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78549
well - the displacement of a nimitz-class aircraft carrier is 100,000 tons.  that means when the carrier is sitting in water, the underwater part of the aircraft carrier takes up a volume that, if filled by water, would weigh 100,000 tons, or 200 million pounds.  the density of water is 62 lbs per cubic foot, so that means the carrier displaces around 3.2 million cubic feet of water, or 24 million gallons.however, if you had a container that was the same shape as the hull of the carrier, but just a tiny bit larger, you would only need to fill the container with a very tiny bit of water.  then, when you move the aircraft carrier into the container, the water will spread out and form a thin layer between the hull and the container.  the ship is still floating on this thin layer, even if it s only like a millimeter thick!  i don t really know how to calculate the volume of this thin layer without knowing the actual surface area of the submerged part of the ship.however you could model the underside of the carrier as a cylinder.  the length of the carrier is 317 meters and the beam is 41 meters, so the surface area of a half-cylinder with these dimensions is the length of the ship times half the circumference of the cylinder, so A = 317 * pi * 41 m = 40,000 square meters.  so the volume of water covering this area in a 1-mm thick layer is 40 cubic meters, or about 10,500 gallons.  still quite a bit of water.of course, it is pretty impractical to suggest that you could build a container that is exactly one millimeter larger than the outside of a ship.  if you had any places that stuck out just a tiny bit, the ship would no longer be floating and just be resting on the container.  so a more reasonable estimate might be a container that is one meter larger all around, which means you d need about 10 million gallons of water to fill the container.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13671
honestly, i dont really understand the question.  Any amount really, its a matter of whether or not it falls over due to lack of support...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26843
I think it can float on a gallon of water. The laws of physics say that any object lighter than water will float in the water, no matter how little water there is.Please give me the Answer asap..... PLEASEEEE (I answered both of your questions)Yesss. it depends of the shape of the container

QUESTION ID: U378O4UXQR4QRZX
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why did apes stop evolving into humans- if they ever have?
QUESTION CONTENT: According to Darwin s theory, if an animal has a more beneficial charcteristic, this will survive while other s without this will die and eventually the only charcteristics past on will be the beneficial ones. Obviously, human charcteristics are more beneficial than those of apes so why are there still apes around as well as humans, why did they not all evolve?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9134
Hang on, hang on, why are human characteristics more beneficial than apes?  Wouldn t you say the human race is a virus that is intent on destruction?  And the ape race much more friendly and focused on living?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9135
don t know, but i think humans are just one type of ape. Humans aren t all good, standing on two feet has enormous physical limitations and causes back problems etc. but means we can use our hands. Humans are also very intelligent which can lead to stress, so in other words although we are sucessful, our sucess also is our weakness in some cases. And more primitive animals do not suffer such problems.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16934
THERE ARE STILL APES BUT ARE BREAD EVOLVED INTO HUMANS
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32358
remember it is a THEORY of evolution. Brilliant, and probably it captures some of the truth but still ONLY A THEORY with many inconsistensies which can t be explained. You have to admit it s a good theory though? .. It; ll do till something better comes along.   Besides, what makes you think there are still going to BE chimps and monkeys etc in a couple of hundred years? maybe they ll die out, proving the theory.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32359
 Obviously, human characteristics are more beneficial than those of apes ? Where did you get that one from?  Apes are quite successful species in their own right, as long as we do not drive them to extinction.Here we go again.1)We DID NOT evolve from apes.  We have a common ancestry.  In biological terms we form a CLADE (look it up yourself)2)  A species does not evolve in to another.   A certain population within a species, may show sufficient genetic drift that eventually they come to be regarded as separate species.  There is no requirement for the original species to disappear.  If that were the case, there would only be one species on the Earth at any one time.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32360
The first thing to remember is that the raw material of natural selection is random mutation - i.e. things evolve because changes in the genetic code are inherited, but those changes are random and evolution cannot choose to go in a particular direction.  So, if mutations which resulted in increased intelligence did not occur in other apes then they were simply not there to be selected by evolution.Second, as someone else has pointed out, intelligence is not necessarily an advantage - Increased intelligence requires increased brain power, and that means energy.  The brain in humans takes some substantial proportion of all the food energy in the body - 20%, or something like that.  If you ve got a bigger brain then you need to find more food to support it.  It s a burden for the body, and therefore will only be an evolutionary advantage if it offsets the extra energy needed to run it (by helping you to find more food than you otherwise would, for example).  If you live in an environment where food is plentiful and easy to pick up (like gorillas in the jungle) then extra intelligence is probably a disadvantage rather than a benefit.Third, everything is evolving, all the time - It s inevitable.  Three things are necessary for evolution to occur:1:  That mutations occur in living organisms;2:  That at least some of these mutations are inherited;3:  That at least some of these mutations affect reproductive success.If all three things are true (which they are), then evolution is inevitable.  It may not always be obvious, because the changes may be slow or may be internal or may be changes to the body chemistry or the nervous system rather than obvious external physical changes, but they *will* occur.  It s impossible for evolution *not* to occur.  So, some apes have evolved to have larger bodies (e.g. gorillas), some have evolved to be more agile (e.g. orang-utangs) and some have evolved very significant behavioural changes (e.g. chimpanzees kill each other whereas bonobos have never been known to, and bonobos have much more frequent sexual encounters).It s all about what works better in particular circumstances.Hope this helps.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32361
The early evolution of hominids in Africa coincided with dramatic changes in the climate that saw the forests shrink and Savannah and deserts increase.  These early hominids evolved to live in these dryer regions.  Apes clung to the surviving forests, where their adaptions, particularly in being able to climb and swing in the trees, does not need any further enhancement to make them completely successful in that environment.  In considering what happenedto hominids, it is easily forgotten when we look at our fat, ungainly modern people, that hunter gatherers and wild dogs are the only hunters that can run down their prey by continuing the chase all day, if required.  That is why we can still be marathon runners if we get off our backsides, but it also shows an adaption to the conditions of the time.Then because we have not got the speed of dogs, or the meat tearing capacity, we needed something else - greater intelligence to be more cunning in the chase, and to be able to make and use weapons.  The hand dexterity we inherited from our primate ancestors also helped here.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32362
Darwin s theory of natural selection does not say that an organism with beneficial adaptations will survive while others without this will die.  All it says is that populations with a beneficial adaptation will survive.  Actually it doesn t even say that.  Really what it says is that organisms that survive and breed will pass their adaptations (beneficial or otherwise) onto their offspring.Just because one population of apes in East Africa with a bipedal stance is able to survive and thrive and pass on their genes for bipedal stance to their offspring does not mean that the other apes that don t have that adaptation have to die out.Consider the analogy of a human family.  One brother (Steve) is smart, tall and athletic.  The other brother (Owen) is short, lazy, and not too bright.  The smart brother marries a tall, smart, attractive woman and they have tall, smart, attractive kids.  Thisdoesn t mean the other brother will never be able to have kids.  In fact, he finds himself a lumpy trollish wife with bountiful body hair and they go on to have numerous stupid, lazy, hairy kids.  Both Steve s and Owen s families continue to exist, even if they don t particularily enjoy each other s company.  One doesn t go extinct just because the other one is successful.And human characteristics are not more beneficial than ape characters.  Human characteristics were beneficial enough to the ape population that moved onto the savannah that they were able to reproduce successfully (which is the only real measure of biological fitness ).  However, the ape characteristics were still beneficial for those apes that remained in the forest.Both populations are still evolving.  Most often, evolutionary selection is for stability in the population.  It is only when there is selective pressure (i.e. a change in environments, or new mutations creating new characters) that a change in the physical morphology of the organisms that make up the population.Even if similar selective pressures were to work on the populations again, they wouldn t produce the exact same characteristics.  If somewhere down the line one of Owen s grandchildren happens to be tall and attractive, it still won t actually be Steve.  Steve s family is still separate.  There might be another offshoot of Owen s family tree that happens to be tall and attractive and smart, but they re not Steve s familiy.  In the same way, there is no way for modern ape species to ever give rise to humans again.  Selective pressures might (but probably won t) result in the selection of an intelligent, bipedal ape species again, but it won t be Homo sapiens.  It would be an entirely new species.  If there were in fact half-humans and humans being born by apes today it would pretty much completely disprove the theory of evolution through natural selection.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32363
There is no evidence whatsoever that any kind of ape evolved into man.Every hominid fossil is clearly ape or clearly man.Unfortunately there is a lot of deceipt practiced by scientists that should know better. The Natural History Museum in London has a model of Lucy an australopithecene. Lucy was founf without hands and feet, but other australopithecene fossils have been found with ape like hands and feet. The NH Museum model has human hands and feet - deliberate deception!There have been numerous other deceptions like Piltdown man - complete fraud. Java man - declared to be a human fossil on the basis of a thigh bone, a skull cap and 3 teeth - not even found in the same place.Nebraska man - based on a pigs tooth!Check out the evidence for yourself, but don t believe what evolutionists (or creationists) tell you without looking for yourself at the evidence.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40246
this is a popular, and incorrect, creationist argument.if that s the way it really did work, there could only be one species living at any time.what happens is that, on rare occasions there are changes in DNA.  most changes are detrimental, and the organism does not survive.  on very rare occasions the DNA change is beneficial, and that individual, and it s descendants fare better, in some way, or other.  (or, they fare just as well, but are a bit different.)my favorite example is the family in italy that is immune to heart disease. In 1980, a man from a small town called Limone Sul Garda in northern Italy went to a doctor for some problem, not heart related.Testing of his blood showed very high levels of triglycerides, and very low levels of HDL, the good form of cholesterol. By all rights, the man should have either been dead from, or in imminent danger of a heart attack. But his arteries were clear.Analysis of his blood showed he had a very special form of Lipoprotein, a type of HDL. And further work with this particular type of Lipoprotein revealed astounding results.of the forty or fifty people in that tiny Italian town, all descended from a man born in 1760, a man who had a small change in his genes, not a single one has yet to die from heart disease! you ll note that this is a beneficial mutation.  it only affects descendants of a single individual.  and all the rest of the people in the world are still here.  without that change.now, if you re a fundy, just trying to discredit evolution, you ll reply, well yes, but that s micro evolution .  it s not a new species. macro evolution (large changes) is a lie, and does not occur. as i stated at the beginning, changes are very rare.  far more rare are DNA changes that really produce a new species.  but since Darwin proposed his idea, we ve thought that there should be many transitional forms found in the fossil record.  and indeed, many transitional forms have been found.similarly, in africa, hominid species that are transitional between other primates, and humans have been found.sometimes when there s a mutation, both old and new species live, maybe in different habitats.  sometimes one or the other dies out.  frequently, when a new habitat becomes available, species populate it.  that s what happened in hawaii, for example.  and over a few million years, differences become pronounced, and populations become independent species, and no longer are able to interbreed.another popular fundy claim is thatthere are no beneficial mutations.  evolution does not create anything good.  DNA can only devolve and produce individuals that are not as good as the rest of the species.to which i would reply, Wouldn t you like to be immune to heart disease?  Wouldn t you like to know that no-one in your family would ever have to worry about it? <<why did they not all evolve?>>this is a very telling statement.  it labels you are a creationist troll.  you cannot have completed high school, and not read about evolution.  but your obvious distortion of the process is an intentional misrepresentation of facts.  in my house, we call this lying.all of the members of a species do not evolve .  there is a DNA change in a single individual, and only that individual s descendants are involved in the speciation process.  no other members of the original species are involved.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40247
Perhaps God is preserving apes for evolution of future human beings after the third world war!

QUESTION ID: U3YR0KM5CTFTNQL
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why buy bottled water?
QUESTION CONTENT: Is bottled water a scam?  In blind taste tests can anyone really notice a difference?  Aren t municipal water safeguards sufficient?  Bottled water is as expensive per gallon as gasoline.  Tap water has fluorine to protect from caries - bottled water does not.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75012
Bottled water has become one of the largest industries in the world. Over half of all Americans drink bottled water, spending 240-10,000 times more per gallon for bottled water than they do for tap water, a trend largely fueled by the misconception that bottled water is safer or healthier than tap water.Is bottled water really the best way to get healthy, great tasting water? How do you know about the quality of the water your buying?Is the cost worth it? Controversial reports from the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC) in Washington, DC, and the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) in Gland, Switzerland, say no. Even the Federal agency that regulates bottled water quality, the FDA, says no! Companies who market bottled water as being safer than tap water are defrauding the American public. U.S. FDA It has also become a target of the environmental community due to the massive amounts of plastic bottles being disposed of from bottled water use.Bottled water is now a multi-billion dollar business, the fastest growing and most profitable segment of the entire beverage industry. If you currently buy bottled water, chances are it s because you prefer the taste and trust the quality over tap water, but do you really know what is or is not in bottled water? BottledWaterBlues.Com was created to encourage awareness of some very important issues, primarily the purity of our water and the best place to get it. Why pay so much and get so little?When it comes to something as important as our water, which makes up over 70% of our body and ultimately determines our health more than anything else, knowing the facts is essential.Indoor plumbing was one of the greatest lifestyle enhancements in history. We once had to leave our house, transport and store water. Then, we progressed to indoor plumbing and had a continuous supply of water at our fingertips. Now, we are regressing... people are once again transporting and storing water. Instead of walking to the well, we are driving to the store or having water driven to us. Bottled water simply doesn t make sense, don t let high priced ad campaignes make you think that it does. Once you know the truth, we hope you ll join the millions of informed consumers who are Just saying no to bottled water! The best alternative to tap water is in-home water filtration. With an in-home water filter you can have better than bottled water quality... at the touch of a button... for under 10?? a gallon. Home Water Filtration vs. bottled water... it s better quality, a much better value, far more convenient... and it s better for the environment!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16570
personally all i drink is bottled water.  i hate the tast of anyother water. although it might be all in the head. and it is for me cause im sort of OCD, and bottled water is more sanitary to me.  also its more convinient if you drink water on the go or somthing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23736
I got a pur water filter last year for my tap and i was appauled at how much stuff is in regular drinking water, since then i drink nothing but filtered or bottled water. Their not all bottled from mountain springs as many profess but clean and healthy wise their much better than tap.

QUESTION ID: U4OFWOPSRNGGU5D
QUESTION SUBJECT: why people do not suffer from heart cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: cancers affect different organs of the body such as liver,pancreas etc. but it never affects heart cells ,why?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1251
You are misinformed. Not sure why you think that people do not have heart cancer. They do, but it is just rare. People can have a primary or secondary heart cancer.http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sites/entrez?cmd=Retrieve&db=pubmed&dopt=AbstractPlus&list_uids=1728367This is one of those questions that people ask in here all the time. So, here is the answer reposted:Heart cancer is rare, but I know that it occurs because people in the Sarcoma group where I go have Angiosarcoma. It is a rare disease so not many people have heard about it (also referred to as Cardiac Sarcoma or Angiosarcoma of the Heart).Cardiac Sarcomahttp://www.emedicine.com/med/topic282.htmPrimary cardiac tumors.http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/articlerender.fcgi?tool=pmcentrez&artid=1345598With heart angiosarcoma the patients can be asymptomatic for a long time or they can present with symptoms mimicking acute pericarditis, pulmonary embolism, or tricuspid stenosis. Cancer BackUp: Angiosarcoma of the Hearthttp://www.cancerhelp.org.uk/help/default.asp?page=17848 Angiosarcomas represent 1% of all sarcomas. One-third of the cases occur on the skin, one-fourth of the cases occur in the soft tissue or organs such as breast, liver, heart and lungs. - Sarcoma Alliance. http://www.sarcomaalliance.com/Other rare types of malignant heart tumor includes pericardial mesothelioma and a primary heart lymphoma (which can occur in people with AIDS). Secondary cancers (originate elsewhere in the body) can also metatasize to the heart including lung and breast carcinoma, soft-tissue sarcoma, renal cancer, malignant melanoma, leukemia, lymphoma, and sometimes Kaposi s Sarcoma
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20292
Maybe if you get cancer of the heart, it would cause you to have a major heart attack and then you wouldn t know that it was from cancer???
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55969
Cancer is most common in cells that are rapidly dividing to produce new cells.  Consequently, most cancers occur in epithelial cells (carcinomas) and blood cells (leukemias and lymphomas).  Epithelial cells line the lungs, intestines, breast, prostate, ovaries, bladder and uterus.  These are the organs where most cancers occur.Heart cells (like skeletal muscle cells) have stopped dividing (they are called post-mitotic cells - mitosis is the process of cell division).  Because they are not dividing they are at very low risk for developing cancer.For the same reason, brain cancer usually occurs in children and rarely occurs in adults.  Neurons (brain cells) do not divide to make new cells in the adult brain.  They rapidly divide and grow new cells in children as the brain develops.  Note: adults do get cancer in cells in the brain, but this usually occurs in the brain s immune cells which are continually dividing (glial cells) and not in the neurons. Hope you find this helpful.  Best wishes.

QUESTION ID: U56L6RIIWJFW57W
QUESTION SUBJECT: why has my husband got high cholesterol&what can we do ?
QUESTION CONTENT: he has been told his cholesterol is 5.9.why is this, what can we do about it and what long term risks does it impose on his health?Thank youjust to stop the tubby, who ate all the pies joke s - he is recovering from cancer&was at a specialsit appt when told, the specialist said he will write to our doctor but i was just wondering what it is&what we can do.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 11918
HDL ( high density lipoproteins) -normal Adult Rande is 120-240 mg/dl   Optimal  adult reading is 180. This is considered the good cholesterol.LDL  ( low density lipoproteins) - normal Adult Range is 62- 130 m/dl.  Optimal  Adult range  is    81 mg/dlTriglycerides - normal Adult Range is 0- 200 mg/dl    optimal adult range is 100mg/dlCholesterol /LDL ratio Normal Adult Range is 1-6 mg/dl    Optimal Adult reading is 3.5 mg/dl Your husband cholesterol/LDL ratio of  5.9mg/dl  is slightly high as the targeted or optimal range of 3.5mg/dl  is desired This is insignificant or harm less.  However, in the presence of additional previous risks factor of obesity ;DM; , high blood pressure, kidney , liver and cardiac disease; previous heart attacks, genetic predisposition heart disease smoking; low HDL levels, age over 45 for men and over 55 for women. as well as a sedentary life style and high stress job-  this is considered slighly high and needs to be addressed.   .    Exercising and eating a diet low in saturated and trans fats can help you go a long way toward that goal. If you need more help, effective medications can take you the rest of the way.  Here s an Excerpt from this High Cholesterol Special Health Report put out by Harvard Health Publication:  In the early days of the cholesterol era, researchers naturally assumed that dietary cholesterol (the cholesterol in such foods as eggs, red meat, and dairy products) was the main villain in elevated blood cholesterol, and so they recommended that people stay away from cholesterol-rich foods. Eggs fell from grace as a good, healthful food.As it turns out, dietary cholesterol isn???t the only food component responsible for raising the level of cholesterol in your blood, or even the most important. Another key culprit is dietary fat???particularly saturated and trans fats. Saturated fats are found in foods such as meats, whole-fat dairy products, and eggs. Trans fats occur naturally in meat, but today people usually get this type of fat in an artificial form contained in hydrogenated oils, used in margarine and many commercial baked goods;fried foods  and processed foods.It appears that high cholesterol levels ( hyperlipidemia)  are an unfortunate result of the luxuries of modern life. Our bodies seem to be geared to the low-fat diets of our early ancestors, and we are poorly adapted, at least physiologically, to a life of inactivity and easy access to fatty foods.Diet isn???t the only cause of high cholesterol. Your cholesterol levels reflect a combination of factors, including your genetic makeup. For some who are genetically predisposed, the amount of cholesterol they eat has relatively little impact on the amount that circulates in their blood. For most people, though, levels of blood cholesterol are closely tied to the amounts of fat and cholesterol in their food.If left untreated high cholesterol would eventually placed him at  high risks for stroke ( CVA) , heart attack or coronary aterial disease or CAD; it may speed up prostrate cancer.Herbs and natural remedies to lower cholesterol: Vit B3- NiacinArtichoke leafSoluble fiber-      oats, barley, rye; legumes      fruits such as apples, prunes and berries      vegetables such as carrots, brussel sprouts, broccoli Plant stanols and sterols       Other SupplementsPolicosanolRed Yeast RiceCoenzyme Q10GarlicPantothineHope I answered all of your questions.  this involved a lot of research as well as my own nsg knowledge.and experience  as a critical care nurse. I take care of cardiac patients and open -heart  bypass pts.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45850
I think you are referring to his Total Cholesterol/HDL Cholesterol ratio. That is an important number, but it isn t the only one to truly determine his risk factors. But the long term risks MAY put him at higher risk for heart disease, stroke, circulatory problems into the legs...basically any problems dealing with the circulatory system.What to do about it? Here s probably the most important things...- Exercise...with his doctor s approval- Eat a low fat / low cholesterol diet- Eat lots of veggies, good quality lean protein, and fruit- Try to take in about 2 tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil everyday- Drink a glass of red wine or grape juice every day- Take a scoop of Metamucil or some other generic equivalent of a psyllium bulking agent every day
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45851
Cholesterol levels are a combination of diet and inheritance.  In isolation they do not give a clear risk indication. Also you need to know. LDL and HDL levels. In you have these numbers put them, together with the other info in to a cardiac risk calculator, this will give a better idea of the problem level.http://www.bhsoc.org/Cardiovascular_Risk_Charts_and_Calculators.stmThese are a bit complex but will alow you to perform the calculations.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45852
One of the many import roles cholesterol plays in our lives is as an antioxidant. This is propbably why as we age, our cholesterol levels increase, aging is basically due to free radicals, In fact numourous studies have shown that in the twilight of our lives, higher cholesterol equates to a longer life.http://www.westonaprice.org/moderndiseases/benefits_cholest.htmlOn the other hand, low cholesterol levels are an indicator of imminant death among those suffering serious diseases such as aids and cancer.http://www.westonaprice.org/askdoctor/lowcholesterol.htmlSo to me, to see high levels of cholesterol in someone recovering from cancer is probably a good sign, as the body is producing and utilising this antioxidant.The exception to this would be if he is eating a high carbohydrate diet, as this will elevate cholesterol levels. Cancer also just just loves glucose, which carbs are broken down to when digested. When having a PET scan, the patient is often fed a glucose drink, as this will attract cancer cells like seagulls to a chip.Contrary to the drivel that many want to regurgutate, cholesterol does not cause heart disease.http://www.thincs.org/Malcolm2.htm#sep16-2004It s appearance in artery plaques is part of the process in response to an injury. It is actualy one of the last things to appear.http://circ.ahajournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/6/4/481

QUESTION ID: U5XM6IML45DWXMK
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why didn t Hitler win WWII?
QUESTION CONTENT: Do you think he could have won? If so, what did he do wrong?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 41299
Good question, and one that can be answered on many levels.The guys above who have mentioned God, Sun Tzu and the Jews are all right.But he made a series of basic errors, without each of which he may have won the war. The main one of course was to send his troops into the Soviet Union without proper clothing at the wrong time of year, like Napoleon.Also at this time in 1941 he had to divert troops to help out Mussolini, who was failing in the Balkans.Stalingrad became an obsession which eventually broke his army. He should have retreated but would not countenance such a move, in spite of the obvious facts, because of the symbolism of his opponent s name. Which brings us to the fact that he would not leave military planning to the experts, his generals.He refused to believe that his uncrackable enigma code had been cracked (first by the Polish, then the British - I get thumbs down here from Americans who believe Hollywood movies). The British knew in advance everything he was planning to do, right down to each detail; they warned the USA about Pearl Harbor but Roosevelt thought Churchill was bluffing to bring America into the war. Churchill had to play a very clever game so as not to let the Gemans know their code had been cracked. Many Allied personnel and civilians lost their lives in German operations rather than risk being too obvious.He was developing nuclear weapons but the first shipment of heavy water from Norway was sabotaged by a single British agent, and he gave up on it in spite of the enthusiasm of his scientists.In 1940 he nearly had Britain out for the count with its airforce almost destroyed on the ground. In response to a British raid on Berlin, in spite of the counsel of his military staff, he switched to bombing civilian targets in Britain and the RAF had time to recover. This alone saved Britain, without a doubt.He became a speedfreak, dependent on large quantities of amphetamine to keep going, was obsessed by the occult and his personality disintegrated (a just reward for his evil).To Dirk Vermaelen, below (doesn t allow e-mail)Are you Dutch? Probably Flemish.I just love your word slugfest but what exactly does it mean? Don t rush to answer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14285
he killed himself...thats why...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53991
he attacked everybody.its kind of hard to win like that you know.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86242
Because he was only one man.  Seriously, though, he miscalculated.  He thought that by bumping Britain, the English would stand aside cowering while he took care of Job #1 - eradicating Communism.  Nazism and Communism are similar ideologies that despise each other: both worship the state, but one steps on the people to do it (Communism) while the other convinces them to do it (Nazis).  They re so similar that each thought that the other had no right to exist; each was planning to eradicate the other.  Hitler struck first, and pacified the rest of Europe to make sure that he d succeed.  He would have, too, if 1) Japan hadn t attacked the U.S., forcing Germany to divert resources to defending Western Europe from invasion, and 2) the Italians hadn t needed saving in Africa, again diverting German resources when they were needed elsewhere.  Russia BARELY hung on during the winter of 1941-42 and summer of 1942.  20 Million Russians died during WWII.  Yes, 20 MILLION.  In contrast, 400,000 Americans died, give or take.  The Russians took it in the chops to put Hitler down.

QUESTION ID: U6CNWTAMQB31V45
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the HRT causes cancer story still news?
QUESTION CONTENT: When i was a  student  10 years ago i heard that information.Surely the studies should have been done back thenHow long do these things take?How many studies have there been?does anyone else remeber hearing the storyback then?I warned my mother about it ages ago
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 9741
Because they like to scare the poop outta people by telling us untrue irrelevant things every now and again like this poo about pork being connected to cancer etc
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42059
The story of cancer, especially breast, and HRT is still very much an ongoing risk. The statistics are now much more clear cut.After age 50 years only the risk of breast cancer with HRT increases year on year of taking therapy. It is a real, but modest increase.As a result 2 things have happened which have between them decimated the prescriptions for HRT in UK. Firstly the public have both stopped requesting HRT and secondly most companies marketing these products have changed there drug data sheets to leave only relief of menopausal symptoms as first line indication. They also suggest smallest possible dose, often recommending shortest possible time.The result is that from being a common repeat prescription, hardly any HRT now goes out of our practice. I would stress this is mainly due to patients no longer wishing to take it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42060
The confusion stems from thefact that not all people who use HRT will get cancer or for that matter any of the known carcinogens . . such as smoking . . not all people will develop cancer from them. Hence, it becomes very confusing to researchers and the general public who are trying to avoid getting cancer. It is not true that everything causes cancer, what may be true is that in some people, sometimes, in the right circumstances these environmental carcinogens may trigger a cell in an individuals body that becomes cancerous. But we really don t know for sure if that is how it happens.The media is really poor at explaining that not everyone who takes these products will get cancer and that it may only be a tiny, tiny fraction. But the only words people hear are . . it may cause cancer. Thus the panic.If your body is susceptible to developing cancer . . it will find a way . . either through the environment or just spontaneously . . there is little you can do to stop it, except become aware of your body, any changes, and have any lump or bump immediately investigated and removed if possible. Look for the signs of cancer and pre-cancer . . that is your best defense . . and live a healthy life style by not smoking, drinking or over eating and getting plenty of exercise, a daily multi-vitamin doesn t hurt either (but don t over do it since no one really knows if taking too many vitamins may end up causing cancer too). Moderation seems to be the key to almost everything.In the meantime, if the benefits of taking products like HRT need to be weighed against the individual risk of developing cancer at some point. You should know however, that just because you do not take HRT or you don t smoke or avoid carcinogens . . that you can still get cancer.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54345
The story is still news because of the new research results. As a breast cancer victim, I was warned against taking it , or, for that matter, any hormonal treatment - - due to the increased risk. Instead I took the tamoxifen ( in effect hormonal) and ended up worrying about the increased risk of uterine cancer from that angle.  Every drug carries risks,  and now I have other side effects it is my fault because I was warned in the patient info leaflet.As a result I am now more aware of the chemicals I am putting into my body, and I read all the info leaflets properly. People do need to be aware of these risks. Never stop telling people what they are - - especially after new research.

QUESTION ID: U6F2MXW8FL52DYB
QUESTION SUBJECT: How Does Being An Ex Colony Still Create Problems For The Ex Colony In The 21st Century?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 1814
Ethnic cleansing, civil war, dictatorial rule. In my opinion the biggest problem with colonial rule was that at the time powerful (mostly European) nations were taking over the world the countries they were colonising were still mostly undeveloped tribes with territories rather than national boundries.The empires colonising them drew their own boundries depending upon the extent or where they had taken rule. As colonial rule ended and these new countries were given freedom you had multiple tribes / races / etc. most of whom traditionally hated each other, had differing political / religious stances and who all wanted to take the newly relinquished power.It is this that, in my opinion, has given rise to such attrocities as; The ethnic cleansing of Kurds in Iraq. The war between the Tutsis and Hutus in Rwanda.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1815
Only Africans seem to have problems with their former status as a Colony.  The United States of America, which was a colony for far longer than any African colony, from c1607-1776 [for the sake of argument], has no problems with it s colonial past.  Okay so it won a Revolution.  So what was stopping Africans doing the same?  Nothing.  In effect Kenya did exactly that, a revolution against British rule lead by Jomo Kenyata and his Mau-Mau rebels.  Kenyata was I think the first Pres of Kenya.What happens in Africa is the people cling to their tribal past and make out that this is the cause of their problems.  Oh yeah!  Well one of the world s greatest civilizations and empires yet, the Roman Empire, was governed by Roman Tribes.Okay.  Julius Caesar [Mafia Capo]got stabbed to death by Brutus [Maffia Capo]of another tribe.  So what?The Sioux Nation is made up of dozens of tribes yet it scored big time at Little Big Horn.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 58445
I think the British people are well and truly peed of with these ex Colonies and there grasping rulers. Its been 50yrs since we left and they still expect us to bail them out while there rulers live higher than the hog. With there Swiss bank accounts getting bigger every day Its about time we said good by to the Commonwealth and looked after our own people

QUESTION ID: U7DNZQF16SSH3TQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are the Dutch so tall?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72741
As a dutchman, and someone who s 6 4 I should be able to answer this one.Specifically though there actually has been a fair amount of research around this, the average height of the dutch are indeed abover average and I ve heard claims of it being the tallest nation in the world .The average dutchman is about 6 1 (4 taller than the avg american)Research shows it to be a combo of genetics, disease prevention, diet (dairy, etc.) , average wealth&wellbeing, as well as the psychosocial wellbeing.. all affecting height.So to summarize: drink your milk, get your shots, be happy and grow grow grow..oh and a bit of genetics.From a research report:Genetic factors are evident in marked regional differences between the north and the south of the Netherlands. In the north, boys are on average 50 mm taller and girls 20 mm taller. The populations are relatively stable, and Frisians are genetically more Scandinavian, whereas Limburgers have southern European roots. However, although boys in Turkish and Moroccan immigrant groups are about 95 mm shorter than ethnic Dutch, they are taller than in their countries of origin. Researchers point to the increase over the past 30 years in the amount of protein in the dietsof the Dutch, the world s highest consumers of dairy products. Miranda Fredriks, one of the researchers in the recent study, emphasised other health and hygiene factors as well as diet--for example, the Netherlands has a 95% vaccination rate among children.Lastly it s the healthcare system and wealth, every dutch person has access to the healthcare system and overall the dutch are fairly well off to being with. It s been shown that wealth has a direct impact on height..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15438
As anyone who goes to Holland will tell you, they drink milk. All the time. Where else do you get a sandwich and a glass of milk at a business lunch?It clearly build those healthy bones...

QUESTION ID: UB3V5KKJ06NK40Q
QUESTION SUBJECT: Does anyone out there know how long he/she is going to live?
QUESTION CONTENT: Like, some people in the movies  have a terminal illness or something and the doctor already told you how much time you have?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87113
This happened to my mother. She had an illness similar to leukemia and the doctor told her that she had 2 years to live. He was right.This was a terrible fact to deal with and actually, I couldn t deal with it - I kept thinking my mother wouldn t die then, somehow the 2 years would keep going on until . . . .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87114
No. This a common misinterpreation. Doctors cannot predict when an individual patient is going to die. What they do is look at statistics for a particular disease and based on that try to estimate how long the individual can survive. But people are not statistics. Everyone is an individual. Some patients with cancer may have a favorable location with their tumor and even though it is advanced will have good response to treatment. Those patients, despite the odds, will survive. Other patients with less disease, may not be as healthy or have a secondary condition and even though they have very little cancer . . still die from the disease. It is impossible to predict who will and who will not survive their cancer.What people misinterpret is that there are PHASES of terminal or life threatening (better concept of what this is) cancer. There seem to be three phases of life threatening cancer . . consider:Phase 1 - Doctor looks at statistics and makes a prognosis that the majority of patients with this disease die in weeks, months, or years based on the stage and grade and type of cancer. What he might say is that based on statistics that there is  80 (or 70 or 90) percent chance of dying . . he fails to mention that there is a 20 (30 or 10) percent chance of LIVING.  So, that is not really a Terminal cancer at all . . because the patient could live.Phase II - A patient will undergo every known treatment possible for his disease and no matter what is done the cancer progresses. A doctor will tell his patient that the cancer is terminal . But, again . . the patient may seem perfectly healthy, he s just not responding to known treatment. Anything could happen during this phase . . the patient could progess and die . . or suddenly, a new treatment comes along and the patient responds and survives. Or, the patient may live for years with his disease and die from something totally unrelated to cancer.Phase III - This is the real terminal phase of cancer . . this is when the patient is actually going through the dying process. Medical intervention is often withheld at this point. This terminal phase is a physical process as the major organs in the body will begin to shut down. Even than it may be difficult to predict how long someone will live. Some will pass quickly, others will not . . dying it seems is an individual process too.So, unless your body is in the physical phase of shutting down all its systems . . than despite what a doctor says or other people believe . . the cancer is life threatening and not necessarily terminal.

QUESTION ID: UCRWZWVNCKYW43Q
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why not: Mutual awareness, respect, knowledge, education, and tolerance?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have envisioned a promised land, where concerned, passionate, and dedicated Americans educate themselves and others. I envision a world where people love their nation and democracy so much, they come not to conquer or convert, but to respectfully share the wisdom and knowledge they can, and honor the wisdom and knowledge offered by others. I have envisioned a world where all may come with hearts and minds that are open so that they may open hearts and minds closed by fear and anger, where citizens are inspired by the love of their country and their world and not the hatred of their enemies.Mutual awareness, respect, knowledge, education, and tolerance may yet become a truly free market  place for beliefs and opinions. But this market becomes poisoned when beliefs and opinions are stated as facts and self-evident truths.In our life time, we might not reach this place, but those who truly love this nation and the democracy for which it stands.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5852
I think the first answer (bw022) went to prove your point. We are a nation of pointing fingers. Its always someone else s fault for not being as enlightened as we are. One of the key issues is the old saying You can make some of the people happy some of the time but you cannot make all of the people happy all of the time . For every tolerance you create, you create less tolerance for someone else s ideas.You create a tolerance for gay rights and then you have less tolerance for religion. You create more tolerance for amnesty and you create less of a tolerance for those who believe in upholding the law. And there is such a thing as bad tolerance believe it or not. I ve spoken out about a book Amazon was adveretising which basically tried to send the message that pediphiles are people too . Is that a kind of tolerance we want to uphold? It worked for Dark Ages Japan so who knows?We are a group and that will not likely change in the near future. We are not all the same person. And as long as that happens, as long as we are not a hive intellect, we will have differences. Should our differences lead to violence? No. Should we persecute those who have different opinions than us? As long as those opinions do not threaten our basic freedoms and the constitution, then no. But we should have the right to have a difference of opinion. I don t know that mutual awareness can happen along side free will. I m a bit of a stickler for free will as well as constitutional freedoms :)The one thing I will agree with you 200% on is that we should have more respect and love for our country and for each other in general. Do we stop befriending folks who have different opinions than we do? I am lucky to have friends from all walks of life and a plethora of opinions. I refuse to surround myself with folks who only share my opinion. I think that would lead to a very uneducated view of the world. Sometimes our differences even get near what might be called heated. But no difference in opinion is worth ruining relationships over.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5853
Religion.It should be self-evident to any rational person what the major causes of division, conflict, strife, and intollerance in the world (and increasingly the Unitied States) is. Racism might be a second, but no force in the US causes folks to divide into groups, hold concept/hatred for members other groups, or to follow beliefs of folks who died centuries ago without questioning them more than religion.Look for where in the world countries are furthest away from your dream -- where women can t leave the house, where millions go mad over a cartoon, where hatred of others rule, where democracy and tolerance are themselves the enemy. Ask what these nations have in common? Take a look at nations which are closer to your goal and ask what is different about them an the US?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65596
GET A LIFE  

QUESTION ID: UFEUZ5PIONZA43M
QUESTION SUBJECT: how safe is heart bypass surgery? what are the chances of dying during surgery?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38763
Weight loss surgery-like gastric bypass /lap band surgery / stomach stapling and gastrectomy have become very common and very safe now. My cousin got her Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery in India. She has lost more than 65 lbs in 5 months and is very happy with the results. The price for obesity surgery is very less in India. My cousin just paid 25% of the cost she was quoted in America. She got her surgery from a company called Forerunners Healthcare.Forerunners Healthcare is very famous in India. I read a lot about them in the Newspapers and magazines. I have read a lot of their patient stories also. They arrange financing for USA, Canadian, UK and other international patients who plan to have surgery abroad for low cost, as bariatric surgery and weight loss surgery is not covered by insurance. They also have photos pasted of their International patients. You can checkout their website. There are huge cost savings. As a doctor I personally believe that your Obesity surgery can be easily handled in India, as the quality of healthcare available In India is simply best in the world. The surgeons are USA/UK trained and facilities are 5 star.http://www.forerunnershealthcare.comHope this helps.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85441
My CABG took place on 2nd October, 2006. The hospital was visited, and I asked them to provide me statistics, and I was amazed to see taht less than 1% fatalities took place, and those too with patients having other complications (Diabetic/Kidney failure etc.)I live in Pakistan and was operated at Punjab Institute of Cardiology, Lahore, Pakistan. Thsi Hospital normally has 150 operations (open heart surgery) in a month.I have no idea about yours area, but teh more operations a hospital do, the more is the expertise.Please ensure taht beating heart surgery (off pump technique) be utilized, as it has less complications after teh operation.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85442
I??m sorry I don??t agree with many answers here. I think (after reading many studies and books) suggested by my cardiologist (Dr Wayne)*, CABG is not as safe as they try to make us believe.http://www.heartprotect.com/comparison-studies.shtml   ** http://www.heartprotect.com/mortality-stats.shtml  **http://wordworks2001.blogspot.com/2007/01/guest-editorial.htmlhttp://resource4trasylolinfo.com/topics/cagbcomplications.htmlhttp://www.amazon.com/Heart-Frauds-Uncovering-Biggest-History/dp/0941599566/sr=1-1/qid=1168528201/ref=sr_1_1/002-1914079-9356800?ie=UTF8&s=books... and many (really many) more.Just take your time to study all the possibilitiesand you??ll have the   best outcome.* Unfortunately he passed away last October :(** Scientific studies done by universities, hospitals and medical centers around the world, and published by the most respected Journals: Circulation, Lancet, etc.

QUESTION ID: UG8BTBIQXXXH8WO
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to reduce Blood pressure without drugs.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39201
Hypertension is sustained elevation of resting systolic BP (??? 140 mm Hg), diastolic BP (??? 90 mm Hg), or both. Hypertension with no known cause (primary; formerly, essential hypertension) is most common; hypertension with an identified cause (secondary hypertension) is usually due to a renal disorder. Usually, no symptoms develop unless hypertension is severe or long-standing. Diagnosis is by sphygmomanometry. Tests may be done to determine cause, assess damage, and identify other cardiovascular risk factors. Treatment involves lifestyle changes and drugs, including diuretics, ??-blockers, ACE inhibitors, angiotensin II receptor blockers, and Ca channel blockers.The following steps may indirectly help to reduce hypertension.Low sodium intake.(Sodium chloride, Monosodium glutamate, Sodium bicarbonate)*Regular exercise.*Stop tobacco smoking.*Stop consuming alcohol.*Reduce fat and oils in the diet. Eat a low-cholesterol, low-fat diet. This kind of diet includes cottage cheese, fat-free milk, fish (not canned in oil), vegetables, poultry, egg whites, and polyunsaturated oils and margarines (corn, safflower, canola, and soybean oils). Avoid foods with excess fat in them such as meat (especially liver and fatty meat), egg yolks, whole milk, cream, butter, shortening, lard, pastries, cakes, cookies, gravy, peanut butter, chocolate, olives, potato chips, coconut, cheese (other than cottage cheese), coconut oil, palm oil, and fried foods.*Obesity - In obese subjects, losing a kilogram of mass generally reduces blood pressure by 2 mmHg. (Abdominal circumference should be less than 100 cms)*Control Diabetes Mellitus.*Avoid worry and stress.*Avoid occupational, aircraft and roadway noise exposure.To be on the safe side, it is advised to take drugs on prescription of the doctor in order to avoid heart attack, renal failure or stroke.If there exists an aneurysm (ballooning of the artery) in the brain or in the aorta without your knowledge, it may gradually grow bigger and bigger and burst abruptly causing fatal condition.Please see the web pages for more details on Hypertension.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39202
avoid solt and use vegitable foods only

QUESTION ID: UL1Y37U7164UB4G
QUESTION SUBJECT: whiplash? why does it hurt the next day?
QUESTION CONTENT: i got hit by a car today.. im fine .. but i know im gonna be hurting tommorow.. why does that happen?i want to be in pain now and get it over with..!!!oh and i was on my bikeim an idiot.oohh i see..
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70127
I don t want to get technical so I will try to make it simple.  When you have a sudden movement, your muscles tighten to protect you in a way.  They generally release immediately, but the trauma of that impact still affects the muscle.  I guess it is similar to when you work out really hard, you might not be sore today, but you might ache tomorrow or the next few days.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6730
When something like a car accident happens, your body is pumped full of adrenaline. It wards off the pain. You only start feeling the pain later on as the adrenaline rush dies down.   I WAS  IN A  CAR  ACCDINET 4  MONTHS AGAO  IAM  STILL FELLING  EVERYDAY   PAIN
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67093
YUP adrenaline masks the pain, ANDits used so that you DON T focus on the pain when you get hurt. Instead, the chem lets you focus on deciding whether to run away to safety OR to fight your attacker to the death.  AKA fight or flight syndrome. You couldn t run far or fight well if you where in a lot of pain. (other things happen in your pupils, skin, heart, lungs, intestines, bladder and kidneys but thats too much info)Adrenaline stays in the body for about 8 to 10 hours. When it is gone your pain will begin to surface. Even if you rethink the events of the wreck, your body will create more adrenaline. It might actually help youfeel better.Also, swelling.  When the body reacts physically to an injury, it has to create/relocate fluids into the area. It does take time. It cushions the area from extra damage and isolates movement around that area to reduce future complications. When you swell, the surrounding nerves feel its pressure and it becomes uncomfortable.to combat the effects of pain,(check with doctor first if need be) RUN..... Running also triggers more adrenaline since its part of flight or fight. Running is very stressful on our bodies and can become quite painful overtime. Then our brains create another chemical (endorphins) to counteract the pain, and its actually quit addictive It s chemical structure does resemble the structure of opiates. such as vicodine, morphine, and heroin. All these chemicals  interact with the opiate receptors in our brain the same way.so, if you can take the pain, go for a short jog. When you get back you might just space the pain for a while.Keep the swelling down........ use ice packs, and also use some NSAIDs...... (Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, they fight the swelling and the pain)like Ibuprofenheres a big list of NSAIDshttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-steroidal_anti-inflammatory_drug#Salicylateswhoa whoa whoa did you say someone hit you with a car while you where on your bike?I d take it up with the insurance company.........
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67094
I m extremely sorry to hear that you got hit by a car while riding, but I m elated that you weren t seriously injured. Unfortunately I don t have a quick fix for your bruises and aches, but count yourself lucky and I wish you a speedy recovery.

QUESTION ID: ULK3C6DKGFILECM
QUESTION SUBJECT: why can I not find any information on appendiceal carcenoma:?
QUESTION CONTENT: My husband was diagnosed for appendiceal carcenoma and coloncancer. they surgically removed some of his colon, he now has a perminate colostomy but they also found cancer of the appendix that is not curable. how can we get help financially to pay for the treatments. we have already paid over 100,000.00 on his treatmenst and cannt use anymore.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85700
There is a support website for Appendiceal Carcinoma.http://www.appendix-cancer.com/I don t know what your individual circumstances are but there is hope for patients with appendiceal carinoma with curative intent. There is a treatment called cytoreductive surgery and intra-peritoneal hyperthermic chemoperfusion. I do not know if your husband is a candidate for such treatment but it is something to look into.The above website has quite a few listings of doctors and hospitals that offer this treatment.My son successfully had the cytoreductive surgery and intraperitoneal hyperthermic chemoperfusion done by Dr Bartlett at the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Center:http://www.upmccancercenters.com/perfusion/peritoneal.htmlhttp://www.pittsurgonc.com/procedures/peritonealchemo.htmThere are other doctors as well that offer this procedure:http://www.surgicaloncology.com/pc.htmAs for financial issues, the American Cancer Society offers advice on how to find help:http://www.cancer.org/docroot/MIT/mit_3.asp?sitearea=MITCancer Care also may be a good resource on locating funding:http://www.cancercare.org/
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85701
For info on this type of cancer see these sites. www.surgicaloncology.com/atintrowww.healthline.com   (type appendix cancer into search on this site)www.appendixcancer.blogspot.com   (also good site)FOR MONETARY ASSISTANCE GO HERE:http://modestneeds.org/http://freecycle.org/http://www.angeltree.orgMy prayers are with you.   God Bless

QUESTION ID: UM0UXMZCPAVFADK
QUESTION SUBJECT: How come they can t find the cure for cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: The amount of ppl that it affects, you d think that the ppl who run the companies would have found the cure right now. OH! and shouldn t the ppl be giving their materials for free? Like if the cancer researchers needed some sort of medicine shouldnt the ppl at the companies ( that make that kind of medicine) shouldnt they give it to the cancer researchers for FREE? or is it all about making money? what is the world coming to? If you get what i mean.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87644
You really are not asking the right questions. Cancer is not one disease but over 200 different types. At the moment the cancers that receive the most research are the ones receiving the most money . . and that is the most common cancers . . breast, colon, lung, and leukemia. All cancer research money is not created equally . . so some cancers receive a great deal of research while others lag far behind. In order to find a cure for all cancers than more money is needed to conduct such research . . and that is not going to happen because research for cancer . . (despite all the fundraising efforts and pink ribbons and yellow bracelets) is underfunded. The fundraising that is done is just a plink in the bucket . . . as at least that much money is needed on a yearly basis.And, there have been breakthroughs . . there have been new drugs developed which have stirred tremendous interest in the medical world . . .  look up imatinib mesylate and sunitinib to see what effect they have had on people with leukemia and a rare sarcoma called GIST.Too, consider that every cancer has four stages of disease. Early stages in almost every cancer type is treatable with an good chance of remission and individual cure. It is really stage IV or metastatic cancer that is difficult to manage and cure. It is currently treatable, but remains elusive as far as a cure is concerned.Also many of the problems associated with cancer research also have to do with actually finding enough cancer patients willing to give their lives in order to test new medicine. I m not sure how you think new drugs are found for cancer patients, but it is not in a laboratory dish or using lab rats. You need real cancer patients who are seriously ill . . to experiment on. That is asking a great deal of a human being . .  they are asked to give up what may remain of their life in order to test a drug that may make them violently ill, kill them, do absolutely nothing, all in exchange for a chance that the medicine might help.  And, no finding new drugs is not all about making money . . it s about finding cures for some pretty horrendous diseases . . its about sacrificing ill cancer patients and asking them to test out new drugs in order to some day help those who follow. Research is slow because they use real humans to test these drugs . . . and frankly, most cancer patients do not want to do that. Until you can reconcile new treatment research and the ethics of using cancer patients to test new drugs . . . research will always be too slow. So . . no . . it is not all about money, if you know what I mean (which you probably don t . . because you ve never been in this situation and are just speculating). . . . research is about trying to find answers using real human beings as guinea pigs . .and doing it ina compassionate and ethical manner. I doubt you will ever understand.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45022
it would put too many people out of work..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46402
would you do your job for free?  I suspect not, you have to live, right?  so does everyone else.  A famous author once wrote, There s no such thing as a free lunch and he was right, nor should there be.  We live in a society where we EARN what we have by the sweat of our brows, so to speak.  In other words, we work for wages in order to live.  ALL of us.As for a cure, if there were only one cancer around, there probably would have been a cure long ago, but there are almost as many different forms of cancer as thereare people who have it, so don t look for an over all cure any time soon.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46403
There are effective treatments...but think about it, big money is involved here. The drug companies are making billions off these cancer drugs and many research centers are getting millions of $ for doing research to find a cure for cancer.Check out this site for cellular defense. My girlfriend s cat was diagnosed with cancer last year and we started giving her this stuff. The vet said she was a goner and was going to put here to sleep. She s doing very well now. You can find it on the web, just do a search.The drug companies are very powerful and spend lots of money to protect their intrests. Just check out the article below. The Center for Public Integrity released a new report finding the pharmaceutical lobby flooded Washington with $155 million from January 2005 to June 2006, employing a stunning 1,100 lobbyists. One public health advocate rightly said, we are up against an army. 

QUESTION ID: UMI5L8KCUA6WVTW
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why are you homeschooling?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am going to homeschool my children and was curious to know why others are.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12760
My mom homeschooled me until 9th grade. Its amazing how much different I am from the kids who went to public school. I have no problem working on my own and I am very independent. It seems like most public school students are used to the system and are like a big clump or group that has to move together. I have no problem just going off on my own. I think it s a very wise decision to homeschool your kids. It will bring you closer to your kids and you can ensure they learn what is needed. Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17294
I going to start next school year.The schools in our town don t care if your child is having problemswith their work. And are just worried about 3:00 to come.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41220
My  husband and I decided to homeschool because we think that 5 years old is really just too small to be away from me for 8 or 9 hours a day. At that age little ones really are not readyto make decisions on their own. We had thought we would homeschool for the first few years, but I think that will change. My daughter is already doing kindergarten work and she is only three. She will be a few grades ahead of kids her age at the time we might have added her to public school, so now we are leaning towards HSing for her whole education. Once our other daughter is old enough we will see what is going to work best for her.I do have concerns about safety at school. This year alone I have heard of 3 schools on the news just in our state. None of them were high schools, this is happening in the lower grades. I am not parinoid but it does weigh in our decision.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41221
For many, the reason/s they started hsing and the reason/s they continue it are very different.  This was true for us.  My husband and I are both members of Mensa so my first child needed a LOT to keep her busy.  I taught her to read well then realized I couldn t send her to school because she was so far ahead, so I thought I would keep it up for a few more years.  That was why we startedNow we ve been at it for 9 years, and the reasons I have continued are...--academic - my kids are SO FAR ahead of other kids; many their ages can barely read, and have limited understanding of what they ve read--social - the ps kids we know are very crude in behavior and have HUGE welfare mentalities--religious - I wanted my kids to have a Christian education--family - we are SO CLOSE as a family and have wonderful times together
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41222
My parents are homeschooling me because schools are so underfunded, and doing so little, that they figured they could do a better job at home.I was getting yelled at for reading too much, and the quality of instruction was so poor that they expected parents to be teaching their kids mathematical concepts at home; they had borrowing and carrying on homework when they d never taught us how to do it, for example. Also, they stayed in theoretical math, counting M&Ms, until fourth grade. And this was in one of the better schools.My favorite thing about being homeschooled is the ability to be independent and okay with myself. School kids seem to need to move in a pack and have other people around, always talk, always try and exclude other people. I don t get it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41223
I ve taught in the schools, and my dh currently teaches. We don t like the social environment and the academic rigidity. Since we are willing and able to provide them something more, we ve chosen to homeschool.What sort of social things bother me? The single-age grouping, which encourages a sort of herd mentality. Some people say it s a chance for kids to learn to deal with peer pressure, but that s a reasoning type of quality; abstract reasoning doesn t really being until around age 12, an age at which kids start waking up to wanting a better sense of self but not knowing how to find that without being like others who appear to know who they are. Before that age, especially under age 10, kids just kind of unquestioningly adopt the majority of what goes on around them. If they find themselves different, they don t see it as a problem with the outside world, but a potential problem with themselves. So, wefind kids in a classroom who share common attitudes, clothing styles, desires for material objects, language, habits, etc. I d prefer my kids not grow up in the mentality of feeling like they have to be like others to be okay.Educationally, my issues are with enforced subject matter (does it really matter if a child learns about ancient Egypt in gr. 5 or not? can he not learn about it earlier or later if that s where his interests are? does he really have to learn about it at all???) and enforced rate of learning. If your child happens to learn well at the pace the teacher dictates, then great. If your child doesn t match that pace, then not so great. The gifted child gets bored and often doesn t learn to really apply himself. The struggling child has all kinds of issues. I d prefer to have my children go the pace they need to especially while learning the basics. I also don t want my kids held back if they are able to go faster.Now that we do homeschool, I see so many other great things about it!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41224
Because I don t want my childrens education based on what they get out of one book while sitting in a little box seperated from most of the population.The easiest way to teach is to get out there and live.  :)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41225
For so many reasons, seven of them being my children. They are all individuals, and have the right to remain so without be trained to follow the lead of whatever adult says jump. We live in a real good district, looks lovely, good funding, lots of friendly teachers (until you have unreasonable expectations).Primarily we pulled the kids out of school because we had one special ed kid who wasn t getting the help they needed, one special ed kid who was gifted and not getting the help OR the advanced academics he needed, one gifted kid who was bored to tears (Literally), and one gifted kid who was shutting down. All of them were being taught that learning is boring and must be enforcedReally, what I saw was that only the mediocre have any chance in the schools.Final straws1.being told that my four year old would need tobe evaluated for ADHD before he was ever in a school classroom.2. being told that federal law wasn t enough to get them to help my disabled children3. being told that my disabled child wasn t compliant enough4. being told that my other disabled child was perfect because he didn t cause trouble. 5. being told that my gifted kid couldn t do  higher work because he might not do good enough to get perfect test scores.6. being told that the teacher was so proud of herself for teaching my kindie how to read. She d already been reading for two years, and they hadn t picked that up.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86227
I wish there were an easy answer to this question. You will find as many reasons as there are people answering.For me, there was no one big reason but many small reasons.I could see the growing trend of the government making the decisions of what s best for my child I was beginning to see an overall arrogance in teachers who were being taught that they are the professionals and they know better for the children than the parents do. It was a struggle for me, meaning I had to contend with the schools almost daily, just to maintain my authority as a parent.My daughter was being taught, more and more every year, that the school was her supreme authority and she had a responsibility to report to the schools any behavior at home that you think we should know about. They would even have worksheets and coloring pages describing the steps she should take to be comfortable coming to the school with stories from home.Now, do I understand that there are instances of abuse and neglect out there? Of course I do. Does that mean because of these instances I m willing to give up all my rights as a parent?Hardly.Of course, this training of children to accept the school as supreme authority over their parents sets the stage nicely for ratification of the UN Child protection treaty which will allow government to take away parent s iimplcit rights if they simply do not agree with what a parent is teaching at home.see how it all fits together?I also had a problem with standardized testing. What a limiting concept. Only teach to the test. That has done nothing but dumb down an entire generation and take away our competitive edge. Former third world countries are now outperforming us in production and technology. Some decision makers want that playing field leveled, they want wealth redistributed. I, being one of two decision makers in this home, do not want that for my children.You begin to think standardizing children is ok, you ve lost the passion behind learning.I also became wearing of the trend to sanitize most everything in order to take away any possible trace of offense to anyone. Well, anyone except the squeaky wheels.that s not all, but that had a lot to do with my decision to homeschool my children. I want them to grow up knowing that what they are teaching in the public schools and that level of learning is NOT the golden ring. That ring is much much higher.

QUESTION ID: UNL58IPS8YBJ2PE
QUESTION SUBJECT: I am tired most of the time. Any LEGAL suggestions on how to get energy?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73913
Short of amping ones self on caffeine and god knows what else they put in Sobe No Fear (my pick me up of choice). Here s a number of pointers from a registered sleep tech:Establish a good routine for you sleep schedule:bed at same time, wake at same time sort of business. Don t let weekend get you out of whack.Get a full 8 hours of sleep. Although, many need somewhat more or less than that based on age and individual differences....8 s a good average to start with.No caffeine for 6-8 hours prior to bedDo not work out 1-2 hours prior to bedNo TV or reading in bed (train to body to only sleep in bed, well and other necessary activities with one s mate)If you have difficulty sleeping due to thinking too much about...well anything that keeps you up....things to do etc.  Try to write everything down that you will be doing for the next day before bed so that you won t need to think about it in bed.If you are sensitive to noise, try earplugs, or blindfold if having light issues.Stress can always add to the problem, try to relax!  OK, now the really important stuff...as many mentioned...this could be a health issue. The most common problem (and often undiagnosed) for being tired all the time is obstructive sleep apnea. This is the bread and butter of the sleep field in general. No way I could tell you without a complete history, a couple dozen wires and a few hours, if this is the problem. Go to a sleep lab, they are everywhere, doesn t hurt to have a test run eh. However, here s a few things to red flag ya:Are you tired all the time...clearly yesAre you at all overweight.Do you have a 15 neck or larger.Do you snore.Do you wake up with dry mouth or headaches.Do you or anyone in your family have any history of heart problems, particularly Congestive Heart Failure.Does anyone in your family snore or have Obstructive Sleep Apnea.Do you get up to go to the bathroom several times a night.ForgetfullnessImpotenceummmm....I m sure I ve left a few things off....anywho...If anything on this list pops out, and even if they don t for that matter, go have a test at your local sleep lab.On a more rare note, there is other sleep disorders that could make you tired all the time....say narcolepsy, insomnia, parasomnias, periodic leg movements, etc.  Everything can be evaluated at a sleep disorders center, generally one doctor referal away. Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12588
Yes, speak to a physician or a nutritionist. It could be due to a variety of factors that include, eating habits, stress levels, physical activity, and proper amounts of rest.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12589
try vitamin c tablets every morning.it really helps.i have two jobs and if i dont those im dead tired.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22584
you can get rid of tiredness easily.  First u have to find why you are tired. Physical tiredness:      The obivous answer is to have Good Sleep in night.   Take energy drinks, esp Fresh Fruit juices often will do.  Do consult ur doctor for personal tips.Mental Tiredness:       Again Good Sleep is a must.  But this entirely depends on ur brain.  Taking energy drinks may not help.  The onlything you have to do is to refresh ur brain.  Involve yourself with activites which interests u much.  For example spend some time with small kids or watch cartoons if u like watching them.      Have this as a habit if whenever u feel tired.  Then u can feel the difference.

QUESTION ID: UNLCFEMVY2V5JX5
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I improve? (10 pts. for best answer)?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m a 14 year old girl who is a freshmen in high school. Events that i ve done when i was an 8th grader were 100m(13.1), 200m(27.31), 400m(1:03.32), 4x400m relay, and 4x1600m relay. I m thinking about joining track and field my freshmen year in high school too, but i heard that the girls are automatically put in varsity. Which means i have to race against sophmores, juniors, and seniors. I m a very competitive person and dislike losing, however I have good sportsmanship. My ultimate goal this year is to improve my times, especially my 400m, I want to get under 1 minute. HOW CAN I DO JUST THAT? WHAT ARE SOME TECHNICS THAT WILL HELP ME IMPROVE MY TIME? WHAT SHOULD I EAT BEFORE THE DAY AND THE DAY OF THE RACE? WHICH SHOES SHOULD I USE? WHAT STRETCHES SHOULD I DO? HOW CAN I CALM MY NERVES? SHOULD I USE TIPTOES WHEN I RUN? DO I KEEP MY BACK STRAIGHT? HOW OFTEN SHOULD I PRACTICE? WHAT SHOULD I PRACTICE ON? any suggestions and recommendations will be greatly appreciated.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86632
I would recommend to do about 15-20 miles of distance a week w/ about 3-4 miles of speed on the track then tapper for big races later in the year or the ones you want to do the best in. I would concentrate on foot strike ( i would recommend landing on theballs of your feet for the 400 and up) and probably toes for the 100m and 200m. i would strech almost everythin but especially legs and arms. hamstring and claf streches mainly. i tend to eat non fatty food that are high in proteins and some yogurt . time when you eat so that you are digested but not hungry by the time you run.a slight forward lean is usually common so you probably dont need to focus on it. IF you really want to be good i would tran everyday getting on the track 4-5 times. also working on your start out of the block (ask your coach) can knock off alot of time fast as for the longer distances (4x1600relay) i w2ould do alot more mile but cut down on the speed. based on your time you should be pretty competitive and i would focus on the 200m but you are good in all 3 (100, 200, 400) as for shoes i would almost make u buy spikes (make sure they are sprinter spikes)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86634
You should set goals and as you met them, increase them....not to much at a time (ie   faster time, longer distance).  You could use ankle  weights , about a pound or two, nothing too heavy.  carbs are good before the race, but not too much.  choose shoe that are comfortable and offer some ankle support.  On the stretches concentrate on the legs and arms...hold a stretch for about 10 seconds  (no bouncing) and then move to the next  stretch....try to find someone to practice with....a kinda of competition, you should help each other and have a  friendly competition  .  practice breathing through you nose and use your mouth only when really need (you mouth will dry out).   Your coach can address you concerns more in dept.  Good luck to you and practice, practice, practice
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86635
You should just run a lot to get your stamina up. When your running make sure you don t ball up you fists. It restricts blood flow and will make you tired easier. Eat some calories the day before the race so you can have more energy and so your body has some fuel to burn. There are special track shoes, you can get them at almost every shoe store just ask a person. just do as many stretches to get you loose like mostly on you legs (DUH!). Streching will also get you nerves down. Try practice maybe every other day or very often. You should practice on a track field, if you school has one. Just pretend that you REALLY have to go pee. That helps me when i run.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86641
I m in 8th grade and ran track last year and I m planning on running this year also. I ran the 200 meter relay last year. Some tips are to keep your head up, back straight. Don t focus on the finish line, [I usually focus on the trees that are straight in front of me at home meets but when there weren t trees I had my best friend stand about 50 feet out and just focus on her]don t be intimidated just because you are the youngest, eat lightly, [maybe a fruit and a gatorade]it doesn t really matter what shoes you wear whether they re spikes or regular tennis shoes just as long as they fit, stride out as long as you can, don t stay on your tip-toes, a girl fell and broke her wrist last year b/c she tripped, run a 500-600 meter run as fast as you can to get up your endurence, run throughout the week 20-30 minutes and to keep from getting shin splints stand and lift up off of your heels 20 times with your toes to the front, with your toes turned in, and with your toes turned out. It really helps! Well, that s pretty much all the advice I have and I hope it helps!

QUESTION ID: UNOHEO7MYVMEF1K
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long can you live with Prostate cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: About ten years or so ago I went to the doctor and asked about Prostate cancer screening. He said I was too young. Besides being over worked under paid and uninsured I have a pain in my scrotum and it feels like I have an 8 ball in between my crotch. I have been doing a lot of heavy lifting and I am exhausted. Everything works fine down there but I am very tired. A friend of mine had kidney cancer and he died shortly afterwards, he complained of being tired. Also my bones hurt. I was thinking that I could have a body infection. Should I be terminated by lethal injection? Getting sick is a sin in this country, I should be punished. Of course I could be over reacting, it has been a terrible week.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84701
While prostate cancer is a known killer, it, like all cancers, can take from a few weeks to several years to really get you. Ypou didn;t say your age but if you are over 15 and asked for a prostate check, the doctor should oblige. In fact all guys once they are pretty well through puberty should have everything checked annually.  Unfortunately, unless one is insured and the insurance covers routine medicals, very few people actually get them. And due to embarassment or whatever even those who do get routine checkups don t insiston genitals being thoroughly examined.As for your current pain in the scrotum, I would be more suspocious of a hernia or similar problem causing the discomfort especially given you do heavy lifting. so insured or not, it is tiem to get an appointment with a doctor who will give you a thorough exam in the genital region to determine wha tis right and what is in need of treatment.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 36181
Your sentiments are correct. What to do?  It is really a great sin to get disease like cancer. However do not worry. Now have you contacted the doctor. ASAP please visit him for an evaluation of the disease. You may not have he disease and the symptoms you have told may be for some other reason. Only a doctor can tell you and treat you. Please do not worry. you will be alright. please visit your doctor immediately. Best of Luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71050
there is no set time everyone is different.  Should you want a simple pre screen ttest for it  get a EPT test kit if it shows possitive see your doctor immediatlythis type of cancer is cureable please dont delay
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84702
i really like your sence of humor..sorry you have had a bad week.A scrotal mass is a lump or bulge that can be felt in the scrotum, the sac that contains the testicles.A scrotal mass can be benign (generally harmless) or malignant (cancerous). Benign scrotal masses include:Varicocele -- a varicose vein along the spermatic cord Hydrocele -- fluid collection in the scrotum Hematocele -- blood collection within the scrotum Spermatocele -- a cyst-like mass within the scrotum that contains fluid and dead sperm cells Scrotal masses can be caused by inflammatory or infectious diseases (for example, epididymitis), physical injury to the scrotum, herniation (inguinal hernia), or tumors.Symptoms   Painless or painful bulge or lump within the scrotum (testicle lump) Infertility Enlarged scrotum Most conditions that cause scrotal masses are either not important or can be easily treated. Even testicular cancer has a high cure rate with early diagnosis and treatment. Nevertheless, any scrotal mass should be examined promptly by a qualified doctor. Any delay in diagnosing cancer may reduce the ability to cure it.. oh ny thhe way go to a  (e.r.) and get checked they cant refuse to treat you even if you have no insurance.....good luck 2 you.....

QUESTION ID: UOR0RWMUOWL6O6M
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do people get stressed all the time?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22597
Its because they are trying to run faster than time and nature.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22598
An imbalance of hormones or neurotransmitters could cause stress for a person.  A thyroid imbalance usually causes some type of psychological issueor problem for a person.  Anytime, someone presents for therapy without a specific or known trigger that could have precipitated the problem, I ask if they have had a physical lately.  Specifically, a physical that included the normal bloodwork that a physician would order.  A more practical cause of stress is a perceived disparity between reality and our thoughts.  If we sense/feel/see that we are incapable, different, or unable in some way to adapt to what is in front of us we feel stressed. For instance, suppose you are completely oblivious and walk out of the house in your underwear and run onto the bus.  You finally wake up; look around you and see where you re at and people staring at you; and you now notice you re in your skivies.  This would cause some stress.  Another example, suppose your boss walks in and demands a report or something that you do not have and cannot obtain. In both these examples there is a disparity between yourself and the reality.Stess can be helpful such as when you see vicious dog in the distance running to attack you, and you climb up a tree or duck into some type of shelter. Another example of good stress is realizing that your job may be terminated in the future, so you get motivated to send resumes and start looking. There is still a disparity between yourself and reality here and the stress motivates you change something for your benefit.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22599
stress is natural and needed in certain levels, at normal level stress is not even noticed but a person is almost constantly under some from of stress, (this example is called the M experiment: it is moring and breakfast time before you get to work you want to go to mc donalds for their breakfast meal and thier breakfast meals end at 11:00 right now it is 10:30 so you hope out of bead get ready for work and rush to mc donlalds and you make it in time, the reason why you got there in time is becaues strees played a part in your hurried pace, harldy stressed you out, but it got the job done.) its important to know that stress is good for you at certain levels. an overage in that level is noticed as stress  stressed out  stressing thats the only time we give it attention and relize its there.. when its at an exagerted state. people with high stress levels have high stress because they have gone beyond thier stress threshold or have multiple stress inducing senarios.. think of it as the M experiment mutilpied by about 100 times, if the stress could be turned into physical 1x1 ft objects they would stack up on top of each other, and reach a certain hight, now imagine that hieght level for a person was 50ft, the 100 stress objects would reach 100ft, that persons stress level is too high now. so as physical objects stress can come in all sizes, 1x1 inch this could be the M experiment, to say 1000x1000 ft this could be imagined to be the death of a loved one.(individuals have diffrent stress thresholds) such as lawyers for example most of them have a high stress threshold, that kind of job requires it, thats why some people can be one and some people just cannot. stress threshold may be deeply rooted with other aspecs of a persons mental makeup.

QUESTION ID: UQAGS0PIGMQGBE6
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many Scientists does it take to find a cure for Aids or Cancer???
QUESTION CONTENT: Look at the question
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87434
Don t you understand . . . it is not the scientists . . but the fact that in order to find cures . . you need to experiment on real live cancer patients.  Just exactly how many cancer patients who are very ill for the most part are going to allow anyone to experiment on them?  Scientists and researchers just can t come up with a drug or treatment and take it down to the nearest cancer hospital and start giving it to people. Cancer patients need to volunteer . . . most do not volunteer . . so how are you going to know if a med or drug works if you cannot test it on human beings?Do you know what Clinical Trials are? They are experiments. Patients who reach Clinical Trials are basically out of options. Many of them are ill and unable to undergo the trial for the length of time it takes to determine . . safety, dosage, and effectiveness.So . . who wants to be first to volunteer? If not on chemo drugs . . how about complementary . . no guarantee its going to work, might make you worse, might not . . no one will know until they try. All drugs in the US must first be tested on real live human beings. If the drug doesn t do what it was intendedit goes no further . . . which means that the cancer patient just spent about six weeks testing something that did not work. That often means that this patients cancer has progressed. Can science expect him to keep on trying the next med to see if that works or doesn t work. On the one hand you have society demanding a cure for cancer . . that we should have a cure because of all the money spent . . but no money is going to force cancer patients to be experimented on. Thus the process is slow, unless you want to start making advanced cancer patients into guinea pigs?So . . who is next? Who here would allow themselves to be tested on to find the cure for cancer? Would you allow your child to do this or would you prefer that they be brought home on hospice care? Or your Mom or Dad . . would you allow experiments so that a cure for cancer could be found . . it would be a risk for them, but they might find a cure . . or would you want to spend quality time with your parents and not have them in a Clinical Trial? It is not how many scientists it takes to find a cure . . it s how many cancer patients we, as a society, are willing to sacrifice in order to find that cure.Keep in mind that every treatment that has been approved was built on the success and failures of testing it on real live volunteer cancer patients.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1252
i believe there is a cure or much better treatment than what it being offered to the masses. unfortunately i think it s about money and power, especially in Africa. Don t believe there s a cure/better treatment? Explain Magic Johnson to me. He s just as built was he was when he first contracted the disease over 15 years ago.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87435
My sister in law is a chemical engineer working for a company currently working on treatments and cures for both of these diseases. I know she spends long hours in the lab away from her family pouring her heart and soul into this cause. She and her colleagues are brilliant people working very hard. There is no simple answer. There are many different strains of AIDS and forms of cancer. We have actually come a very longway in a relatively short time.this company is actually pouring millions of it s own dollars into this research with no guarantee they will be the first to find the cure in which case they loose all that money. It truly is a race to find the cure first.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87436
hi shelly...and i agree with panda. during my treatments/testings dif docs/oncologists had come to me asking me if i want to participate in dif types of experiments. paperwork w/ explanations included&their hopes for your signature. some including drugs some not. some just want blood samples&part of the tumor (breast cancer) that will be removed after surgery. cancer i believe in our lifetime will not be totally curable in a few simple steps. chemo for instance...doesn t know how to separate good cells from bad cells. therefore....it treats/kill good cells as well. that s when our tastebuds gets whacked, hair falling out, and affecting other major organs (at times) if you re not in good health to begin with. lucky for me i know how to drink a gallon of water at work every morning. not trying to get away from your question...i just believe it ll be many many years before anyone can give you the answer that s acceptable to hear. how i wish there was a better cure for that. if anyone can come up with a definite determination/distinction between cancer cells&good cells...it can get these docs/scientists closer to a better cure.

QUESTION ID: UQJG5H8DU3WFCO4
QUESTION SUBJECT: I ve found that i want to learn how to play the guitar, but i dont know how much money and what kind???
QUESTION CONTENT: I started playing the guitar just for fun, and i found that its much more fun than the piano. I ve been playing piano for 8 years now, and i m 14, so i know music pretty well. I want to buy a guitar, but i dont know what to look out for, whats good to have, or even if i want acoustic or electric or a mix of the two. I m about 5 8, so are there any specific sizes of guitars i should look out for and i really need to know how much to spend? And is there a good online place to buy from or should i try to find time to go to a store to pick a guitar out? thanks for answering, if u answer :)oops forgot to mention, are there any kinds of books that have easy but fun songs to learn, i ve been playing classical, baroque, romantic, and contemporary music for 8 years now, so i m truly sick of it.already got major calluses from 2-3 hours of piano every day :P lmao
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5464
I tell all my beginning students to get an inexpensive Yamaha acoustic guitar....at the Guitar Center you can get a really nice one for a beginner for about $250.00, I bought this one for my niece and they gave me a $50.00 discount.....and now I m sure at this time of the year their having all kinds of sales, I ve been receiving all kinds of E-mail from them about the sales that they have going on. As for size just get a standard size...That s what everyone in out family play, and we re all 5 8 and above........the clerk will show you which ones to try.....I d like to see to have a teacher to start with but I know a lot of kids don t want that....well there are plenty of books, Cd s, Video s, and DVDs, on the market today.....Sam Ash has a lot of these, they seem to have more books and teaching products then the Guitar Center has......I think the Guitar Center has more instruments . Please don t buy one on line.....I tell all my students the same thing, when buying a guitar you have to feel the action, hear the sound, (as they all sound different) make sure that it feels good in your hands....see if you want a cutaway or a full body......I had to laugh a couple of months ago, EBay had a guitar for sale for a penny.....I had to read it twice to make sure that I wasn t reading it incorrectly, I thought oh boy I bet that a beaut !!!!!So in my opinion when buying a guitar you should do this in person. The action of the guitar is very important....that s the way the strings come up off of the fingerboard, some of them are so high that mice could walk under there without touching the strings, they should only be high enough for the player to be able to press them down a short distance, at first it will be very painful, but believe me in about three months with daily play, about twenty minutes a day, you should see callouses, and this is what will prevent the pain. Well good luck to you, and if you want some good leaning sites get back to me and I ll send you a few, you should be able to get them off ot the perfoming page because I ve sent a few of them out today.....just write them down so that when you have time you can check them out, ok......well bye !!!!!!!!!!!! And good luck !!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5465
I bought my first guitar in an antique/junk store in Fell s Point, Baltimore, MD.  It was 20.00 dollars and it was called a Stella.  It was old  and dusty and just perfect for a beginner.  I learned my first little riff from a guy who was playing on the street in front of an old, closed down theater.  The riff was Here Comes the Sun by the Beatles.  It was only one part of the song but I played it endlessly for weeks.  From those three chords I just started figuring out other tunes and played what pleased ME, not a teacher or an audience.  I had a piano background too but learned that guitar theory is a lot different.  My first 10 years of playing I only learned from people just showing me chords and simple riffs; then these last 10 years I ve been learning by books and teachers and I m going full circle, back to my classical piano pieces after years of folk, rock, blues, etc.  Someone asked how long it takes to learn guitar and I ve decided it takes a lifetime.

QUESTION ID: UU3XB3G4UCDP4QE
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you deal with a spouse who has cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: I lost my job and we have little income comming in and about a 3 months ago he was dignosed with diabetees and about month a ago my spouse was told he has cancer and they have to operate on him. how do I cope with all that is going on.and find a job at the same time.  we have 5 kids and they are all acting differently with this news. how can I help them all and still keep up with the bills?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85836
My heart goes out to you, as this is a very difficult siuation. It sounds as tho you have your hands full and you need help to deal with the practical things of life.  First of all, do you belong to a church? Even if you have not been an active member, churches are networks of people that can provide you with free counseling for both you and your children, people to help with meals and other support networks.  Second, as a nurse, I can tell you that when we care for patients, we are required to assess what kind of social service support the family needs -- counseling, financial assistance, etc.  You said your husband would be undergoing surgery.  DO contact the doctor or hospital involved in your spouses care, and ask to be put in contact with the medical social worker.  They are compassionate and very helpful in a practical way.  Last, DO contact your kids teachers and let them know what is happening.  Schools are another source of help and support for your kids, from counseling, to after-school programs to lighten your load.  And please, please, tell your friends and extended family what is going on in your life.  It is not God s desire that you should face this time alone and He WILL provide the help and support you need if you reach out.  I do know from experience what you are going thru, as 8 years ago, my husband was diagnosed with cancer as well.  My kids were young, and it was a very scary time.  But God did meet us, provided help and support and my husband is still here with me today.  I will be praying for you.  Good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40236
i know your pain my husband has cancer and my mom has cancer they found out about 2 weeks apart you cant do it all you need help as i do but i have no other family to help his wont i had to quit my job to care for him go to the DHS they can get you help to pay the bill and get food for your family it wont be easy i know and you will need someone to talk to if you do email me  what type of cancer does he havemine has mouth cancer and had a radical neck dissection not fun at all
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40237
This may sound a little tough, but you need to do what needs to be done. Be strong. Be courageous. You have no choice in what is going on in your life right now, so you need to make the best of things for the sake of your children. You can do this. Human beings are amazing creatures. Make a pact with yourself, that you will get through all this one day at a time. That is all you can do for now.There is financial aide for people who meet the poverty guidelines. You need to contact your medical social workers to guide you through this maze. Ask your husbands doctor or the local hospital how to contact them. You can also contact the local American Cancer Society who will have suggestions for you on what to do financially.Medical Insurance and Financial Assistance for the Cancer Patienthttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/MIT/content/MIT_3_2X_Medical_Insurance_and_Financial_Assistance_for_the_Cancer_Patient.aspResourceshttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/MIT/content/MIT_3_2X_Medical_Insurance_and_Financial_Assistance_for_the_Cancer_Patient.asp#resourcesYou should also check out Medicare and Medicade and disability. Also be sure to check with your hospital about the Hill Burton Program that offers free or low cost service to those unable to pay.Hill-Burton Free and Reduced Cost Health Carehttp://www.hrsa.gov/hillburton/
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40238
You are in for the ride of your life.  I think you should take time to pray and set up a support system for yourself and your children. If any of these 5 children are old enough to get a job, I would help them to find one. Get involved with a church and find out where the nearest food bank is and go help yourself. Apply for public aid or at least a medical card and find out what kind of support network the hospital has for your husbands treatment.  Many hospitals offer reduced price medical care or even freemedical care for people on a limited income.  It sounds like you foot the bill. I dont know what kind of background you have, so I am not sure what kind of job is available to you.  Probably would help to just start watching the newspaper help wanted ads.  If your husband is walking, he should help you with the children to keep the household going.  Diabetes does not stop anyone from working.  Also, depending on what kind of cancer he has, he probably could do some kind of job....as cold as it sounds, this is reality.I am praying for you and wish you the best of luck.Also, your husband needs to apply for social security disability and as far as his meds go, your doctor or social work services at the hospital can get him reduced medication or free stuff.  You would be amazed.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85837
My husband has stage 4 non small cell lung cancer that is now in his brain again. He was diagnosed 3 years ago. Life gets very hard. When someone offers to help you accept anything. The kids will have behavior changes. Try to keep their lives as normal as possible. Have a benefit for your family. Get people to organize one. Your husband can get disability automatically with cancer.If you have to, go to the state for help. Also don t forget about yourself, your health. Find a job where you can be home when the kids are. For example something in the school system. You don t need a degree necessarily for certain jobs. We have been days from losing everything. It works out. Say your prayers and don t turn anyone down who offers any kind of assistance to you.Addition: As for your bills- call the light and gas company and explain your situation. They will work with you. The telephone company will also. Pay what needs to be paid right now. Mortgage, insurance, lights and gas. Credit cards can wait. You may not want to wait on them but if you can not even make the minimum payment then you have no choice. Call up your billing companies. Most will work with you.

QUESTION ID: UUQFUPJY04QO2HE
QUESTION SUBJECT: I would interested to know how other people are dealing with the type of cancer that they have?
QUESTION CONTENT: I was diagnosed with carcinoid cancer of the liver in December of 2004 and I just recently had a needle biospy of my left breast done in August of this year and I have to meet with my cancer doctor on Sept. 6th for options on what else has to be done.  I have been handling everything with a grain of salt since I have a younger sister that has had many different kinds of cancer since March of 1984 and we are each other s support system.  I worry more about my husband because he lost his first wife to cervical cancer back in 1986 and this has been very trying for him.  Any suggestions that can help us in coping with everything  that has been going on lately would be greatly appreciated
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83947
Well I have helpful news for you I hope.There is a c vitamin compound that is supposed to help greatly in your fight against cancer!It strengthens your cells to help them combat your disease!Its not that your body can t fight it, it just can t fight it while its weak!go to www.cellhealthmakeover.com and get yourself Vitacel 9!It is not a cure, it just greatly increases your cellular health level so your body can do the rest!I found out about this for my mom, who has Parkinsonsdisease!But Parkinsons Disease isn t cancer, you say! It sure isn t! But all diseases are a disease of a cellular system... skin, respiratory, every system has its own cell.. and cancer is just a rapid multiplying of that cell...At the least, you should try it. Its only 90 bucks for a 3 month supply. You ll start feeling added energy in the first 1-3 weeks. But you should continue taking it until the cancer goes into remission! Which your body will do on its own as soon as the cells get the vitamins they need.A little helpful info on it:Take it on an empty stomach (the enzymes your stomach produces from food breaks down the vitamin that allows for your body s absorption) If your stomach is a bit queasy because of all your cancer meds, you can eat a couple of saltine crackers or something small beforehand to ease your stomach. Just don t eat alot or a whole meal!And check with your doctor first! And there really should be no reason why your doctor would say no as everything in it is natural and good for  your body to have anyway!!And it won t interfere with your medicines.Seriously try it! You have nothing to lose! It can t hurt you, it will only help!God Bless you and your sister both! He gave you two each other for a reason!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83948
Some people with cancer feel better when they drink monavie juice.See How to Prevent and Treat Cancer with Natural Medicine by Mike Murray NDAlso see Beating Cancer with Nutrition by Patrick QuillenBoth books are a motherlode of info and suggestions on alternative cancer therapies.

QUESTION ID: UVLO5VQHT44TDPE
QUESTION SUBJECT: why japan is called land of rising sun ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14640
Becuse its far east.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15761
Japan lies to the east of the Eurasian continent, and beyond Japan lies the Pacific Ocean. So from the continental point of view, Japan is in the direction of the sunrise. This is why the Japanese began to call their country Nihon or Nippon, literally meaning source of the sun and often translated into English as land of the rising sun. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31494
I m not too clear on that. I have to precede this so as not to be misunderstood. The inferrence may be archaic to post 19th century Japan when it began to have increasing economic liaisons wiith the west. The warrior class dwindling, it was probably a way to retain it in the newly created army so as to infuse the stringent discipline of the samurai into a new generation. With growing militarist, expansionist concerns it became a symbol of world domination crystallized in the axis partnership. It should be remembered, people like Yamamoto, were of high, sterling character. They had to fulfill their commission as officers, and, possibly, stave of utter disaster.To me, personally, I base myself on empirical evidence. A land of Islands. Where the sun shows to advantage every living thing. Beautiful, sparkling, like the area of the world itself. A people not difficult to respect or admire. The sun. Light; giving life to a corner of the world where people live out their lives, hopefully to the better, just like ourselves.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31495
I ve always thought it was because of the flag. No, not Marvin the Martian s Mars flag. lol
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31496
I don t remember 4 sure, but I think my teacher and textbook said it wuz mongolia. I m sure Mongolia had a name 2 do with the sun, but I can t remember wut.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38523
See the flag~~~Japan (??????[2], Nihon or Nippon?), officially Japan, (????????? Nihon or Nippon-koku) is an island country in East Asia. Located in the Pacific Ocean, it lies to the east of China, Korea, and Russia, stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea in the south. Its capital is Tokyo.Archaeological research indicates that people were living on the islands of Japan as early as the upper paleolithic period. The written history of Japan begins with brief appearances in Chinese history texts from the 1st century AD. Japanese history has been marked by alternating periods of long isolation and radical influence from the outside world. Its culture today is a mixture of outside influences and traditional culture.At over 377,873 square kilometers, Japan is the 62nd largest country by area. It encompasses over 3,000 islands, the largest of which are Honshu, Hokkaido, Kyushu and Shikoku. Most of Japan s islands are mountainous, and many are volcanic, including the highest peak, Mount Fuji. It ranks 10th in the world by population, with nearly 129 million people. Greater Tokyo, with over 30 million residents, is the largest metropolitan area in the world.Since it adopted its constitution on May 3, 1947, Japan has maintained a unitary constitutional monarchy with an emperor and an elected parliament, the Diet, which is one of the oldest legislative bodies in Asia. Japan is the world s second largest economy, sixth largest exporter and importer and a member of the G8, G4, and APEC.Archaeological research indicates that the earliest inhabitants of the Japanese Archipelago migrated over land bridges from Northeast Asia about 30,000 years ago. Other evidence also suggests that there may have been some migration by sea from Southeast Asia during a period of general migration toward the Pacific Ocean. A Middle Jomon vessel (3000 to 2000 BC)The first signs of civilization appeared around 10,000 BC with the J??mon culture, characterized by a mesolithic to neolithic semi-sedentary hunter-gatherer lifestyle of pit dwelling and a rudimentary form of agriculture. Weaving was still unknown and clothes were often made of bark. Around that time, however, the Jomon people started to make clay vessels, decorated with patterns made by impressing the wet clay with braided or unbraided cord and sticks (J??mon means patterns of plaited cord ). The oldest surviving pottery in the world may be found in Japan, although the dating is disputed. [3]Japan first appeared in written history in 57 AD with the following mention in Book of Later Han: Across the ocean from Luoyang are the people of Wa (in Chinese, Wo or dwarf state ). Formed from more than one hundred tribes, they come and pay tribute frequently. The start of the Yayoi period around 300 BC marked the influx of new practices such as rice farming, shamanism and iron and bronze-making brought by migrants from China via the Korean peninsula.[4]Japan was then called Yamataikoku and ruled by a shaman queen named Himiko.The ensuing Kofun era, beginning around AD 250, saw the establishment of strong military states centered around powerful clans. The Yamato Court, suppressed the clans and acquired agricultural lands, maintained a strong influence in the western part of Japan (the Asuka region). Based upon the Chinese model, they developed a central administration and an imperial court system and society was organized into occupation groups: farmers, fishermen, weavers, potters, artisans, armorers, and ritual specialists.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38524
Something about a king.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38525
The characters that make up Japan s name literally mean Sun s Origin , thus Japan is also known as The Land of the Rising Sun a name that comes from the country s eastward position relative to China.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50267
Because the Sun rises in the East!

QUESTION ID: UWJ64UMQMF5SNEC
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to achieve  targetted160 lbs?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am 62, got heartattack&undergone bye-pass surgery.Doctor advised target weight of 160, but I could not reduce from 220, inspite of eating very less. I am lazy for workouts. Any Suggestions
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86828
It s not easy, is it!....But it s four times harder to do it by exercise than it is by correct eating habits. You needn t ever be hungry, but some willpower is necessary, by cutting out Alcohol, sugars, starch, junk food, etc. I can reccommend the GI diet, or The South Bay Diet. Both encourage you to eat and never feel hungry, and they actually do work. They re less of a diet than a way of life.Of course, you must exercise, and that will help. Put it another way, if you don t stay active, there s no way any way of life, or diet that s going to stop you getting bigger, and meet an early demise. Not any real choice, is there!P.S., I was so occupied telling you what not to eat, I forgot to tell you what you CAN! As much as you like of: Pork, beef, lamb, chicken, duck, turkey, game (all sorts), Frankfurters, pate,   fish and all seafoods, all vegetables  (except starchy ones ,not potatoes, sadly, but try eddoes, and yams, celeriac instead,)  such as carrots, mushrooms, broccolli, onions, beetroot, leeks, cauliflower, peas, beans, and all fruit, most cheeses, all nuts and seeds, and of course, salads. Oh, yes, and things like the vegetarians eat, made from soya beans. Some are quite delicious.You can even have quiches, but leave the pastry! You can eat MODEST amounts of wholemeal bread, oatcakes, bran flakes, but not the sugary crap-foods, like crisps, fizzy drinks, biscuits, etc. Fill up mid-morning and mid-afternoon so s you blunt the edge of your appetite at mealtimes and so eat less.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9495
Instead of just eating less, modify what you are eating. Keep plenty of fruit around for snacks. As for workouts, you need to focus on what you enjoy doing. Sometimes it helps to find a friend and make a point of doing it together. You are less likely to forget to go for a walk if someone is waiting for you.

QUESTION ID: UXWZAQQF4YO7BWF
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can radiation lessen?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77788
The rate of radiation is determined by the isotopes involved.  No matter what elements, no matter what method of decay, only two things can lessen the effects of radiation.  One is shielding.  This is easier with alpha particles than with gamma rays.  The other is distance.  By doubling the distance from the radiation source, the amount of radiation is reduced to one fourth.With time any specimen will have fewer atoms which are radioactive.  Eventually all radioactive specimens stop radiating (but this might take tens of hours or billions of years)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26313
Radiation intensity lessens by absorption in a medium or by greater distribution of a given amount of radiation over a larger area. This much is generally true for all kinds of radiation.If by radiation you mean radioactivity from unstable isotopes, there is only a given amount of unstable isotopes in any sample. Each time a radiation effect occurs, one of those isotope atoms is used up and turns into another element with different stability.  Once a long term stable isotope is reached, that atom ceases to be radioactive. This can take geological periods for the half life of some isotopes, while others isotopes have extremely shor half-lives, being very radioactive.Half life is the time passing by until half of the isotope has been used up, not the time needed for a given sample to have a radioactivity below acceptable levels. If the sample starts out having 8 times as much radiation as acceptable, you will have to wait for 3 times the half life period: 8 / 2 / 2 / 2 = 1for 1000 times the acceptable value you ll have to wait 10 times the half life period, etc.Shielding against radioactivity or other radiation basically means that you introduce a medium that is very likely to absorb the incoming radiation. Easy enough for alpha and beta radiation (a sheet of paper will do in most cases), but hard to do for gamma radiation or neutron emission and heavy for x-rays.

QUESTION ID: UZBEVS4N14YBR8U
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you know when it s time to stop working out before you get a heart attack?
QUESTION CONTENT: Well you know everyone s heart is beating fast, but what makes the difference to signal in your body when youre working out really good or youre about to have a heart attack.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87446
When you tired and your heart rate is high IMMEDIATELY STOP WORKING, as it s a signal that your heart is doing too much to compensate your physical requirement.Take deep breaths while lying down, and you will be alright.If however their is pain in chest, or discomfort, sweating etc. tell your co-workers to call an ambulance, meanwhile take a sublingual. OK.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68923
a few things.Heart rate should drop 30 points in 2 minutes after slowing down.  It should be back to normal in 10 minutes.  If not, you are overworking your heart, and at higher risk.Use a heart rate monitor, and just pay attention to what it does in your workout.  ALWAYS do a gradual warmup of 10 minutes or so.  Your heart arte should stay constant for a long time.  When it starts climbing without added effort, the heart is tiring.  Be good to yourself, slow down some, and plan to end the workout soon.  Do a nice relaxed cooldown. One does not usually stop immediately, unless in pain, since blood pooling will deprive the heart of blood and may RAISE blood pressure making things worse. That s why the cooldown is good.Stay adequately hydrated.  Water loss makes blood pressure rise, and forcing the heart to work harder, and need more blood for itself. Its a muscle.People seldom drop dead from a heart attack, usually typical, or even unusual, symptoms, for 2 - 10 hours precede the collapse and sudden death.By exercising regularly, you ll know when something does not feel right, but may also build collateral arteries that may save your life.Eat healthy, cut out saturated fats and trans fats.  Lots of fruit.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87447
When your chest hurts you ve done too much.It hurts because your heart is starving for oxygen from a clogged artery. When you work your heart, as in exercise the demand for more oxygen increases, when your blood can t supply the heart with oxygen it hurts, its called an ischemic attack.Stop activity, take some asprin and call 911

QUESTION ID: UZK6FAUHVQC6MT0
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long does heart surgery take to complete?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m writing a screenplay and I want to make it as believeable as possible, so if you know the answer, please share.Here s the situation:The character was vacationing in California, had a heart attack and had to get heart bypass surgery.  How long would it take for the character to have the surgery and recover. And how long would he have to be in the hospital for.Thanks guys!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87410
1.  A routine bypass operation takes approximately four hours. 2.  The hospital stay for a routine bypass operation is 3-5 days. If off pump is used most people are discharged on average 3/2 days postoperatively.  Usually 5 days for traditional bypass. 3.  Recovery time:  4-6 weeks if all goes well,  It usually takes 4-6 weeks for the breast bone and chest muscles to heal, and patients gradually return to their usual daily routine.I had bypass operation and my mitral valve replaced.  The mitral valve replacement surgery lasted about 6-7 hours total.  The bypass operation lasted about 4 hours.  Click these links, these will help you with your research:http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/coronary-bypass-surgery/HB00022http://www.revolutionhealth.com/conditions/heart/heart-failure/surgery/cabg/http://www.americanheart.org/presenter.jhtml?identifier=4484http://www.webmd.com/heart-disease/Coronary-artery-bypass-graft-CABG-surgeryhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CABGhttp://www.brighamandwomens.org/cardiacsurgery/Patient/FAQcardiacsurgery.aspx?subID=submenu3#recovery
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87411
First he would have to have a heart catheterization to determine his blockage, where it is, etc.Then they can do the surgery either on bypass or off bypass.If they do it on bypass, the heart and lungs will basically be turned off inside of the body, and run through a machine.If they do it off bypass, the anesthesologist, will slow the heart rate, way down by the use of IV medications.While the heart surgeon is opening the chest, there is another surgeon opening the leg to get the saphenous vein out of the leg.  This vein is used for the bypass.Then, the surgeon begins bypassing the blockages.  He ties the vein onto the heart, and then bypasses the blocakage.While that is taking place the other surgeon is placing a graft into the leg, where the vein came from.  After the surgeon is completed with his bypasses, then the person is brought back off the bypass machine.They restart the heart and lungs.The surgeon then closes the rib cage, and the chest.  After this is completed the patient is awakened and taken to CCUThe length os the surgery varies.  I have seen it completed in 2 hours, other times many hours.  The longest one I have seen began at 1:00 pm, and didnt end until 4:00 am the next morning, when the patient died on the table

QUESTION ID: V1LMJZ54PINM8LN
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does tin coating prevent the iron of tin cans from rusting?
QUESTION CONTENT: Tin cans are actually iron cans coated with a thin layer of tin. When the coating is ruptured, the rusting process usually occurs even faster than it would on uncoated iron.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76741
Oxygen in the atmosphere reacts with iron to oxidize it in what is called a redox reaction (oxidation/reduction).  The redox reaction is defined by the exchange of electrons--uncharged iron will lose two electrons to an oxygen molecule, creating iron oxide.  Water quicken rusting by serving as a catalyst.  Dissolved oxygen in the water reacts, and as the water dries, the oxygen becomes increasingly concentrated.Ships will prevent wide-spread rusting by creating what is called a sacrificial anode. You might know the names anode and cathode from the ends of a battery.  Batteries function by employing two seperate redox reactions, where one end corrodes to release electrons, which travel to the other end and react with metal cations in solution, turning them to a solid metal.  In the case of ships, the corrosion of iron is prevented by creating a sacrificial anode out of something even more reactive than the iron (usually magnesium, if memory serves).  The corrosion of the magnesium releases excess electrons in the iron, which delays corrosion of the iron--oxyegn can grab the free electrons created by the corrosion of magnesium without needing to corrode the iron.I would imagine that the quickening of the rusting process cause by a scratch in the tin is due to the fact that the corrosion becomes concentrated in a single place.  The scratch likely serves as the sacrificial anode for the rest of the can.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25401
Rusting is actually oxidation of metals.... when tin layer is present on the surface of iron, it prevents start of oxidation process. The reason is that Tin surface exposed to environment is already having an oxide layer which is quite resistant to such processes.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25402
The coating simply prevents direct contact between the iron and any corrosive agent inside.Tin is a more noble metal than iron, and when combined as a set of electrodes, the iron will act like a sacrificial electrode to all oxydizing agents attacking the tin surface, provided the iron has somewhere to spill its cations formed in the process.If there is a rupture in the coating, rust can grow out of the iron there. Rust is way more voluminous than metallic iron and will not form a sheathing layer but crumble away, providing a medium for the iron ions to go into. That s why a damaged tin will rust faster than uncoated iron.

QUESTION ID: V24FPW1I8HFLNPS
QUESTION SUBJECT: Where are Jews originally from?  Why did they leave their country and immigrate all over the world?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7714
EgyptMoses let his people go
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28742
Jewish is religion, so the don t have to own a country. and I think they don t have the right to build their own country in Palestine.countries are not depend on the religion. in each country you canfind many religions....
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61392
Jews are from Mesopotamea.  Abraham first led them out towards Israel.  Then a Famin led many of them to Egypt.  Moses freed them.  They went back to Israel, then assyrians, and babylonians fought over their lands.  Then there was the Diaspora - scattering of the jews.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61393
they are from the roman province known as palestine modern day israel and lebanonthe jews of palestine had a revolt against roman rule between 100 ad - 250 ad the romans ruthlessly put down this revolt and scattered, by force, the jewish population of palestine as they were seen as trouble makers and to be against roman rule in the area
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61394
They were kicked out of Judea (Israel) by the Romans after the war around 70 to 73 CE.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61395
The Jewish People left Egypt for the Promised Land, Israel.However, Judaism is a peoplehood to which non-Jews can convert, and then they are as Jewish as those who were born that way.The Jews were in exile for 2000 years and now have returned to their homeland, the Land of Israel.Israel, the 100th smallest country, with less than 1/1000th of the world s population, can make claim to an astounding number of society s advances in almost every direction!Intel s new multi-core processor was completely developed at facilities in Israel . And our ubiquitous cell phone was developed in Israel by Motorola, which has its largest development center in the little land. Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) technology was pioneered in Israel. AirTrain JFK, the 8.1-mile light rail labyrinth that connects JFK Airport to NYC s mass transit is protected by the Israeli-developed Nextiva surveillance system. Bill Gates calls Israel a major player in the high-tech world ; most of Windows NT operating system was developed by Microsoft-Israel; the Pentium MMX Chip technology was designed in Israel at Intel; both Microsoft and Cisco built their only R&D facilities outside the U.S. in Israel; and, with more than 3,000 high-tech companies and start-ups, Israel has the highest concentration of high-tech companies in the world apart from the Silicon Valley. Get this: Israel leads the world in the number of scientists and technicians in the workforce, with 145 per 10,000, as opposed to 85 in the U.S. , over 70 in Japan , and less than 60 in Germany . With over 25 percent of its workforce employed in technical professions, Israel places first in this category as well! It goes on and on. The Weizmann Institute of Science has been voted the best university in the world for life scientists to conduct research. Israeli researchers have:Discovered the molecular trigger that causes psoriasis. Developed the Ex-Press shunt to provide relief for glaucoma sufferers. Unveiled a blood test that diagnoses heart attacks ... by telephone! Found a combination of electrical stimulation and chemotherapy that makes cancerous metastases disappear and developed the first fully computerized, no-radiation, diagnostic instrumentation for breast cancer! Designed the first flight system to protect passenger and freighter aircraft against missile attack. Developed the first ingestible video camera so small it fits inside a pill used to view the small intestine from the inside, enabling doctors to diagnose cancer and digestive disorders! Perfected a new device that directly helps the heart pump blood, an innovation with the potential to save lives among those with congestive heart failure, synchronizing the heart s mechanical operations through a sophisticated system of sensors. These are only a few of Israel s recent contributions to the welfare of the world. There are just too many to list here. Water shortage, global warming, space travel, anti-virus, anti-smallpox, blood pressure, solar power, paralysis, diabetes, data storage these and hundreds more are being addressed by Israel s scientists. They re pioneering in DNA research, using tiny strands to create human transistors that can literally build themselves and playing an important role in identifying a defective gene that causes a rare and usually fatal disease in Arab infants!Israel produces more scientific papers per capita than any other nation by a large margin; It has the largest number of startup companies globally, second only to the U.S.; it is No. 2 in the world for 7venture capital funds, financing all these advances; its $100 billion economy is larger than all of its immediate neighbors combined; and Israel is the only liberal democracy in the Middle East. And while it maintains, by far, the highest average living standards and per-capita income, exceeding even those of the UK, Israel is the largest immigrant-absorbing nation on earth, relative to its population. It is truly an unparalleled marvel of our time.If you have the stomach, check out http://youtube.com/watch?v=lw_x2Di3KK8, where you will see an old Arab lady stomping on the dead body of a Palestinian her son has just murdered..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61396
Abraham, the father of theJews, came from Ur in Mesopotamia, now Iraq.  He migrated to what we now call Israel ~ 1550 BCE and lived there until his great-great (great?) grandson, Joseph, was sold into slavery and was taken to Egypt.  Joseph s great-great grandson, Moses, led the descendants out of Egypt and then his nephew Josua led the people into what we now call Israel.They lived in Israel, with a couple of generations passing in slavery in  Babylon (now Iraq) until ~55 CE when they revolted against Rome.This, as always, led to the near-destruction of their culture as the Roman legions marched in and killed every living thing they could find selling the few survivors into slavery.During the Pax Romana (the Roman peace, the killing and selling part) what Jews could get away did.  They scattered all over the Roman Empire and beyond!  Some made it to Africa, some to India, some to Spain, Germany, etc.  This is referred to as The Diaspora (the scattering) and it s how Jews ended up in Germany, Poland, Russia, Spain, etc, etc.They scattered to get away from Rome s wrath (anger)!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61397
I prefer using the word Children of Israel because the word Jewish is rather controversial. Some people define it by religion, others think of it as a race,&others think of it as a mix of both!Anyways, Abraham was actually a father of many nations (Jews&Gentiles). His grand son Jacob (also known as Israel) had lived in Palestine for years with his 12 children, who became the fathers of the 12 tribes of Israel.Joseph son of Jacob was sold as a slave in Egypt,&later rouse to power. So, Jacob&his family moved to Egypt to live with Joseph, especially after that time of starvation in Palestine. They grew in Egypt to become a nation,&later a pharaoh took them as slaves. But Moses succeeded in taking the Children of Israel from the Egyptian slavery&led them out to the Promised Land, even though they settled after his death.The Jews or the children of Israel didn???t got scattered around the world due to a single event. They were taking as slaves by the Assyrians&Babylonians. This is why they had Jewish community in Iraq&Persia. Later when Alexander the Great conquered the near east&Asia, the Jews spread in the Greek world. Later the Romans conquered the Mediterranean. The Jews in Judea (modern Israel) revolted during the 1st century AD. So, the Romans wiped them out&denied them entry to Jerusalem. They???ve been in exile for about 2000 years until they had a country of their own in 1948

QUESTION ID: V2OY170ON8QBBTS
QUESTION SUBJECT: why the stars in the night sky twinkle in different colours?
QUESTION CONTENT: Not all stars but only some I know the reason why the stars twinkle but why some twinkle in different colours?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79123
The different colors in twinkling stars is described by a phenomenon called Red Shift ...In physics and astronomy, redshift is an observed increase in the wavelength of electromagnetic radiation received by a detector compared to that emitted by the source. For visible light, red is the color with the longest wavelength, so colors experiencing redshift actually shift towards the red part of the electromagnetic spectrum. The phenomenon goes by the same name even if it occurs at non-optical wavelengths (in fact, longer-wavelength radiation actually shifts away from red). The corresponding shift to shorter wavelengths is called blueshift.Astrophysical redshift occurs, for example, when a light source moves away from an observer in an analogous but not equivalent fashion to a Doppler shift of sound waves from a receding object. Redshift is used as a diagnostic in spectroscopic astrophysics to determine information about the dynamics and kinematics of distant objects. Most famously, redshifts are observed in the spectra from distant galaxies, quasars, and intergalactic gas clouds to increase proportionally with the distance to the object. Astronomers consider this to be one of the major forms of evidence that the universe is expanding, supporting the Big Bang model.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79124
The color change of twinkling stars has NOTHING to do with their redshift. Any redshift of a star can NOT be picked up by the human eye.The color change of some stars as they twinkle is caused by the same thing that makes them twinkle in the first place -- changes in the density of our turbulent atmosphere. As a star s light passes through our atmosphere its light frequency/wavelength can be altered slightly by atmospheric fluctuations. The frequency/wavelength of light is what determines its color.

QUESTION ID: V2S2N56V6XB1PXI
QUESTION SUBJECT: why can t you normally hear the sounds of Korotkoff in the brachial artery before you inflate the cuff?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38949
When you can hear the sounds in an artery (with a stethoscope) without applying pressure to the artery to disrupt blood flow, that is called a bruit (pronounced brew -eee ).  A bruit is a sign of a very serious and very dangerous condition in the artery.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38950
Korotkoff described the sequence of vascular sounds heard with a stethoscope over the brachial artery during deflation of a pneumatic cuff.The clinical measurement of blood pressure is generally obtained by auscultation for Korotkoff s sounds over the brachial artery using a sphygmomanometer and cuff. Real-time two dimensional ultrasound and Doppler techniques were used to study the brachial artery movements and blood flow patterns during these pressure measurements. Simultaneous recordings of Korotkoff s sounds were obtained. A strong correlation in time was demonstrated between Korotkoff s five phases, brachial artery wall movements and specific blood flow patterns. The evidence largely supports what to date has been speculation as to the origin of Korotkoff s sounds in that Korotkoff s phases 1 and 3 appear to be produced by vigorous arterial wall motion and phase 5 by cessation of this movement. Phase 2 is produced by blood flow disturbance.Please see the web pages for more details on Korotkoff sounds.

QUESTION ID: V3CMEHLUDWVLXFI
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many songs did the great Johnny Mercer write?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7008
Lyrics by Mercer, unless noted.He wrote many other songs, These are but a few of the 1000 plus songs of which he had written the lyrics for some of which have entered the Great American Songbook, He had also won 4 acadamy awards for best song:?? Lazybones (1933) (music by Hoagy Carmichael) ?? P.S. I Love You (1934) (music by Gordon Jenkins) ?? Goody Goody (1936) (music by Matty Maineck) ?? I m an Old Cowhand from the Rio Grande (1936) ?? Hooray for Hollywood (1937) (music by Richard A. Whiting) ?? Too Marvelous for Words (1937) (music by Richard A. Whiting) ?? You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby (1938) (music by Harry Warren) ?? Jeepers Creepers (1938) (music by Harry Warren) ?? And The Angels Sing (1939) (music by Ziggy Elman) ?? Day In, Day Out (1939) (music by Rube Bloom) ?? Fools Rush In (1940) (music by Rube Bloom) ?? Blues In The Night (1941) (music by Harold Arlen) ?? I Remember You (1941) (music by Victor Schertzinger) ?? Tangerine (1941) (music by Victor Schertzinger) ?? This Time the Dream s on Me (1941) (music by Harold Arlen) ?? Hit The Road To Dreamland (1942) (music by Harold Arlen) ?? That Old Black Magic (1942) (music by Harold Arlen) ?? Skylark (1942) (music by Hoagy Carmichael) ?? Dearly Beloved (1942) (music by Jerome Kern) ?? I m Old Fashioned (1943) (music by Jerome Kern) ?? One for My Baby (and One More for the Road) (1943) (music by Harold Arlen) ?? Dream (1943) (words and music by Johnny Mercer) ?? Ac-Cent-Tchu-Ate the Positive (1944) (music by Harold Arlen) ?? Out of This World (1945) (music by Harold Arlen) ?? Laura (1945) (music by David Raksin) ?? Trav lin Light (1946) (music by Jimmy Mundy and James Osborne Trummy Young) ?? Any Place I Hang My Hat Is Home (1946) (music by Harold Arlen) ?? Come Rain Or Come Shine (1946) (music by Harold Arlen) ?? Autumn Leaves (1947) (music by Joseph Kosma) ?? Glow Worm (1952) (music Paul Lincke) ?? Satin Doll (1953) (music by Duke Ellington) ?? Something s Gotta Give (1954) (words and music by Johnny Mercer) ?? Moon River (1961) (music by Henry Mancini) ?? Days of Wine and Roses (1962) (music by Henry Mancini) ?? Charade (1963) (music by Henry Mancini) ?? Lorna (1964) {music by Mort Lindsey) ?? Midnight Sun (music by Lionel Hampton and Sonny Burke) ?? Summer Wind (1965) (music by Henry Mayer) ?? Drinking Again (with Doris Tauber) ?? When October Goes (music by Barry Manilow)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72650
He wrote the lyrics to more than 1000 songs

QUESTION ID: V4XWVETUMCAHDTY
QUESTION SUBJECT: Can anyone plz tell me how long a person can take subatex for after being an heroin addict?
QUESTION CONTENT: Im asking about subutex, as my daughter,s b/f is on it&as been for yr,s, can he still take heroin?Im worried for my daughter&grand daughter.He work,s earn,s good money but he,s never got any, my daughter buy,s everthing, but she,s young and wont hear a bad word said about her b/f.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6463
Let me tell you, subutex and suboxone are miracles. Its not swapping for another opiate. I take suboxone. The difference is along with the buprenophrine, it has naloxone, which is an opiate blocker. Its so you dont get high again on other drugs. And hes probably a good worker because subutex is still an opiate and gives u a lot of energy. He needs to get off it ASAP and start taking smaller and smaller doses. I don t care what any medical professional says, this is coming from an adict, and one should take subutex for only 2-3 weeks. A YEAR!! He then becomes addicted to that substence, and its hard to get off that. Its just like being addicted to heroin, you can t sleep if u dont have it, you get withdrawals. Docters are stupid to say its a year long process. On subutex, you can still get high on other drugs. Relapse is 100% guaranteed for heroin. And with that drug, you can t tell when someones on it, some of society s elite are on it without the people around them knowing. PLEASE get your daughters boyfriend off it, its hard for me to get off it. It has a 48 hour half life, meaning after two days he will start to withdrawal. Subutex is no joke! its a schedule III drug and a felony to get caught with! It can be a miracle, but also just another addiction.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6464
Subutex is just another opiate. You re simply swapping your heroin addiction for addiction to a less destructive opiate. It s meant to be long-term treatment.At any rate, this is the last place I would go to seek medical advice. Talk to a doctor or pharmacist.

QUESTION ID: V7IFD0DYMRQHH0H
QUESTION SUBJECT: why earth and moon called a system?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 26639
coz it is move together with other planets in constant maner around the sun
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 78256
There is of course an easy glib set of answers to this question. One could say that because they are fairly close in space (only a quarter of a million miles or so!) or that because the moon orbits the earth. One could say it is because the brightest object in the night sky on earth is the moon. One could say that it is because the moon is the dominant effect on the earth s tides (oceanic tides, tides in large lakes, solid earth tides, atmospheric tides, etc.). One could say that it is primarily because oftidal friction due to the moon that the earth s rotation rate is slowing. One could say it is that the moon s rate of rotation is locked to its orbital rotation rate, so that it always presents the same face (approximately) to the earth. One could say that the presence of the moon is useful in deflecting incoming missiles from space, and thus protecting the earth from many potentially devastating impacts. And so on...However, clearly there are many other celestial bodies that have an effect on the earth. The sun s effect on the earth s tides is about half what the effect of the moon is. Other bodies also have an effect, but smaller. Also, the moon and the earth are not isolated and just orbiting each other (or actually about their barycenter). The multitude of bodies in the solar system are all in some sort of collective motion, governed by conservation laws and general relativity, electromagnetic forces, etc. The solar system is moving through space at a tremendous rate, and our galaxy is also moving very rapidly, so the actual motion of the moon and the earth and other celestial bodies is more complicated than just nice elliptical orbits, or even precessing elliptical orbits. So in fact, this is a more complicated question than might first appear. Probably it is easiest to say that the earth and moon are defined to be a system by convention and tradition, because it has been found to be a useful simplification and viewpoint.

QUESTION ID: V7Z3HOINOE5HMFM
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can i be an actress  i like acting please help?
QUESTION CONTENT: i wish i could be a famous actors but if you do not know how to be can you tell me how to be a directer pleeeeeeease
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69827
First: how old are you?  Makes a difference.Second: famous?  99% of the people who want to become actors eventually give up and go into a different career, and of the ones who make it as professional actors, 99.9% never achieve fame.  If your motivation is fame, rather than a deep devotion to the craft of acting (or directing), then you probably have the wrong motives.  I m not trying to discourage you needlessly--but understand that if you don t have the attitude of a professional, you stand little chance of becoming one.As for a concrete plan:Whatever your age, right now you should get into as many shows as you can.  Call local colleges and amateur theatre companies (and if you don t know who they are, call the arts desk at your major newspaper or ask a reference librarian) and inquire about roles you might play in upcoming shows.  If the audition doesn t land you a part, volunteer to work backstage or even be an usher for some performances.Meanwhile, take instruction--lessons and classes in acting, voice, dance, stage combat, stage movement, diction, etc.etc.If you re high school age, do the following: take a college-prep curriculum: four years English, four of math, biology chemistry physics, history, psychology, and the arts...you d be surprised which of those courses apply to show biz!  And earn a good GPA and do well on SAT or ACT when it s time.Your goal, if you re young enough, is to get yourself into a BFA (Bachelor of Fine Arts) degree program in theatre performance at a good university.  Do not settle for a plain BA (Bachelor of Arts) program, the BFA is the one that develops professionals.  Now, your odds of employment (and of eventually getting to be a director) will be somewhat higher if, instead of theatre performance, you major in theatre technology and learn to be a lighting designer/technician--actually, they re in demand and the pay is good.  But if you are set on acting and performance, go for that despite the poor job prospects.To find a good BFA program, ask people that you ve met in your amateur shows.  Also involve your high school guidance counselor if you have one.  And remember to apply to the program at least a year in advance of the starting date, there s a lot more to admission to a BFA in theatre than there is, say, to easier occupations like engineering or pre-law.The BFA program will provide you with the knowledge of the show biz industry and will polish your skills enough to get you started.Now, if attending college is not practical for you, your only hope is to keep taking those workshops and doing those amateur shows.  Eventually you ll want to get to auditions for a professional show (and note that most of those auditions are not open to you unless you have a union card).  AFTER you get a break and earn a part in a professional show, you will be ready to start considering membership in one of the unions--Actor s Equity, Screen Actors Guild, AFTRA, they re all alike, you can find out about them from their websites--and after you have your union card, legitimate agents will consider representing you and you might wind up doing parts on Law and Order and the reunion anniversary special Everwood, the Next Generation .The one thing to watch out for are the rip-offs who will promise to get you to stardom if only you ll pay them their big fee up front.  The only thing you should ever pay for is lessons, and those only from reputable teachers.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 523
The only way is to keep auditioning until you get cast. If you don t get cast, volunteer to usher or work the box office. Lather, rinse, repeat. You ll need to build a resume. Take lessons if you can manage it, and, if you want to be famous, you ll probably have to move to New York or LA.

QUESTION ID: VBS2VT7Q2GEPUTI
QUESTION SUBJECT: How is it that we don t change the way we teach history when more evidence comes to light to change given fact
QUESTION CONTENT: I m asking this in reference to the Lusitania, which every history class I ve ever taken gives its sinking as the reason why America entered World War I.  However, in May 1915, the German Embassy in Washington, D.C. published warnings to Americans to avoid sailing on British ships.  Of course, a German U-boat sunk the Lusitania killing almost 1200 people including Americans which rightly outraged the public.However, in years that have passed, it has been found the Lusitania could have been considered a war ship and not a passenger ship because it was carrying 4200 cases of ammunition and 1250 cases of shrapnel which exploded when the ship was torpedoed.Given that this came to light after the event, why do we still teach history the way we always have?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 66354
First, if you get back into college-level history like you want to, you should encounter professors who will challenge and re-orient the way you see time periods and famous events. If not, demand your money back.I think the simple version of the answer is that no one wants to show the ugly of America. To imply that the US government was playing politics with civilian lives on the Lusitania isugly, and it s the tip of the ugliness iceberg. Too many traditionalists think the commie-liberal intellectuals want to re-write history. Fundies want to continue believing this is a Christian Nation. People don t want to admit the abhorrent conditions faced by non-White people and Women through the majority of the US s history. Do people want to read about minority and poor women facing legally forced sterilization in the 50s and 60s? People wonder why I m a Women s Studies minor. It s because they tell the stories that are just as valuable to understanding today s America that no one else will tell. People think Dr. King was the driving force behind the Birmingham boycotts, but it was the women of Birmingham, the church-going sisters who did all the leg work and set the stage. In the past, some people just weren t legitimate subjects of history; but now that we have radically different and modern views of race, gender, and class we can re-examine the facts and correct past exclusions. Ask yourself why there are so many Irish Studies programs popping up at US universities. It s because for many years Irish-Americans weren t White and were a marginalized people. Before the Irish were mayors and presidents, they were scullery maids, laborers and textile workers who worked six days a week. To understand JFK, do we not need to understand to understand the Protestant anti-catholic bigotry of the temperance movement, the women who lived in indentured servitude of the middle and upper class, and the men who paid a nickel to sleep on bar tables at night and drink the leftover beer because they could not afford anywhere else to live? Yes. But 50 years ago, was this a legitimate topic for the history class? No. Some people still subscribe to the archaic way of thinking that only famous people belong in history books. They re wrong - the future of history belongs in the hands of the people you ve never heard of, the people yet to be discovered by historians. America has some ugliness to it, and we as a people are afraid to confront it. The ugly America doesn t jibe with the every one is equal, anything is possible America.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6306
America did not enter the war because of the sinking of the Lusitania in 1915.  America entered the war--in 1917--because of the announcement of unrestricted submarine warfare on the part of the German government.The Lusitania played a role, however.  After its sinking, the American government pressured Germany into ending the unnanounced sinking of merchant vessels.  This situation prevailed for two more years, until 1917, when Germany decided it was a good chance to bring England to her knees, and thus announced the resumption of unrestricted attacks on merchant vessels.  The American government broke off relations with the Germans, and after the revelations of the Zimmerman note, in which the German ambassador to Mexico promised German aid if Mexico should enter the war against America if America should go to war with Germany, the United States declared war.As far as changing the way history is taught, at the University level, professors have a great deal of freedom in teaching their subjects.  Changing the way history is taught means changing the minds of the professors who teach it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15253
i agree with the other posters about the (non)changing of history.  history books will have to be re-written which takes a long time.and enough people have to believe it.today, with the proliferation of the Internet, there s so much disinformation floating around and questionable proof that keeps popping up, it s hard to know what s true.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66355
Imagine, as a grade schooler I was actually taught that the Civil War in the United States was fought over slavery, ... but if we consider the prospect of getting prosperous factory workers in the north out of their factory jobs, and into uniforms to go and die for lack slaves in the South, that prospect seems rather far fetched... I would like to see what actual propaganda was prevalent then to get the north fired up.. I know they claimed the South fired first in other words them danged rebels started the war.....I remember watching testimony from Kuwaitis that the Irqi soldiers were taking Kuwaiti babies out of incubators in hospitals and throwing them out of windows etc...it was later discovered that this was all hooyei

QUESTION ID: VC52UF2JUZZJFIC
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does the cell membrane behave?
QUESTION CONTENT: does tthe cell membrane act like a fluid so the stuufff inside it can move around? or is it solid..which one?and do ribosomes differ from organeellles in that they are membrane bound?i dont understand it, can someone help me.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3683
Cell membranes are based off of a Fluid Mosaic Model , which means it is fluid in order to allow the passage of intracellular and extracellular products. There are two parts to this Phospholipid Bilayer, as the name implies there are Phosphate Groups and Lipids in the bilayer of the cell membrane. There term bilayer simple means that there are two of them. For example:.......................||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||......................This is an example of a bilayer. The dots represent the phosphate groups which are hydrophyllic, meaning they like water - this is why they are in this position. The lines are the lipids (fats) which don t like water, which is why they are positioned inside. While the phosphate and lipids are solid compounds, the structure itself is very fluid so that molecules (ie glucose) can pass in and out of the cell readily. Ribosomes are organelles. The word Organelles simply means small organs. Inside the cell we have bound andnon-bound ribosomes. The free floating ribosomes (in cytosol) produces proteins for outside the cell. The bound ribosomes (bound to endoplasmic reticulumn) produce intracellular proteins.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3684
Well, really at that level its both fluid and solid...  Cell membranes are made of lipids with a hydrophilic head and hydrophobic tails, the head face in and out of a cell, the tails are inside of the cell membrane.  Within the cell membrane proteins float mostly freely although there seems to be some cellular scaffolding that anchors some aspects, think of a sperm which has a definite head and definite tail.  This means there is a nonpermeable pocket with organelles inside and the outside environment out, and organelles like the cell membrane are made of similar lipids with the exception that ribosomes and other organelles stay within a cell membrane.  (Ribosomes are organelles).  Cell membranes allow for a chemical gradient that is useful for work, although often work needs to be done to maintain that gradient also....There aren t really good examples from our lives to explain it, but maybe this might help - to me I envision a see with two surfaces, one on top (the outside) and one underneath (the inside).  There are floats in the surface that don t sink or fly, they move around within the surface, below the two layers you can see objects floating which will be organelles.  To get from the outside to the inside you need to be able to dock to a portal and be transported using ATP as currency to pass, unless you re something special like glucose who just goes through a tunnel....

QUESTION ID: VCF8PVW846WQ6DM
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do homeschooling families act like public schools are their enemies? Isn t educating the common goal?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am a public school teacher, and I am comitted to what I do, though I know there are many flaws in the system. But there are flaws in every system, even in homeschooling. I am dismayed by the adversarial interactions on this board between home and public educators! Homeschooling is a luxury that most people just can t afford in these times where two incomes are necessary just to keep a family financially afloat. So again, why is the homeschooling camp so dismissive of the public school teachers who have made it their life s goal to provide a quality education to everyone s kids?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9084
What a very broad generalization.I have nothing against school teachers. I have nothing against people who use the public school system. We decided that home education was best for our kids for many reasons. I truely believe that many kids are in public school because that is what you are supposed to do when you turn 5. Many parents have no idea there are other options for them to think about and decide upon. Someone told the parent that you HAVE to enroll your child in school, so they believed it and did so without a second thought. Just like someone telling you that you can not afford to live on one income. Someone said it so you believe it to be true. We live just fine on one income and have for many years.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14170
I can t speak for other homeschoolers, but I do NOT see the public school as an enemy.  Public School is ONE educational option, private school is another, cyber school is another, charter school another, and homeschool is another.  I believe that homeschooling is THE BEST choice for my family, not necessarily for others. I am even considering having my oldest take a couple of individual classes at the local High School, perhaps Chemistry and Music.  I don t know if I will do this or not, but I am thankful that the Public School is there if I decide I need it.  I pay for it with my tax dollars, so  it I am glad that in my state homeschoolers are given the right to use the services they are already paying for.I respect most teachers, but I have met a FEW who don t deserve my respect.  Just because I don t believe that I need a teaching certificate in order to teach my kids doesn t mean that I think the certificate is useless.  If I had to teach 30 or more children, most of whom I had never met before they came into my class, all with different abilities and backgrounds, I probably WOULD need extra training to do it.  I don t in order to teach my own children, who I know intimately, care about deeply, and love more than life itself.Now I have some questions for you to ponder, please read all of them, even though some may seem familiar, otherswill not.Why do some Public School teachers act like homeschooling parents are their enemies?  Isn t educating the common goal?I am a homeschooling parent, and I am committed to what I do, although I will admit that sometimes homeschooling is not the best choice for some families.  But there are flaws in every aspect of life, including Public Schools.I am dismayed by the adversarial interactions on this board between home and public educators!  Homeschooling is a choice that my family sacrifices greatly to afford while still willingly  paying taxes to support the Public School system.   I must work at homeschooling full time, and then work outside the home also in order to do what I truly believe is best for my children.   My family barely stays afloat with my husband s full time income and my combined income as a housekeeper, a writer, a babysitter, and a crafts person.  Why after making all those sacrifices, do people question my motives?  Why after making these sacrifices do people accuse me of homeschooling because I am selfish?Why have some people even said that homeschoolers choose this option because they are lazy?  What is lazy about working full time at home teaching your kids, and holding down multiple part-time jobs outside and inside the home to generate income?Why do some Public school teachers and officials take my choice as an attack?  Why do they assume I am being adversarial just because I choose a different option then some others do?Why do people continue to question whether or not a parent can teach effectively even though statistics have shown that homeschool students go on to finish college at a much higher rate than public schoolers, score higher on SATs, and generally adjust quite well to adult life?So again, why are public school officials and teachers so dismissive of homeschool parents who have made it their life s goal to provide their own children a quality education, while still financially supporting the pubic schools that educate other people s children?Pubic school offers to educate everyone s kids, that s great!  I commend the teachers who love kids and are committed to their jobs.  Just because I have chosen not to take them up on their offer to educate my kids the same as everyone else s, just because I have chosen to give my kids an individually tailored education, doesn t mean that I view public school as an enemy.  Public school is a tax supported service PROVIDED to citizens, the only time I view it in an adversarial way is when someone tries to say that I MUST make use of this service.  I just believe that I should be free to decline if I choose to.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20296
It s not the teacher s fault--it s the entire system of the public schools.I m only in high school, but I think it s ridiculous how bad the public school system is. I ve seen kids in public schools who are in the 3rd or 4th grade who can t read. Kids in 6th grade who can t tell time. You wonder why people don t want their kids in public school ..because they aren t getting a quality education.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45661
I m glad to see that you as a teacher are taking your job seriously. Unfortunately many of your colleagues do not. I disagree that education is a common goal. Oh sure, it SHOULD be the goal of the public school system, but more often than not it is not their goal. A case in point is my ex husband s son. He failed ALL his classes in the 4th grade and was still passed into the 5th. When I questioned the school about it they claimed that they could not hold him back anymore because of his age. He had developmental disabilities (but according to the school not severe enough to warrant an IEP)and he had already been held back once in the 4th grade. I asked the principal how she thought he could function in the 5th grade if he obviously couldn t pass the 4th. She said I don t know but I do know he needs to move on because he is too old for the 4th . That s when I said that s it! We re homeschooling next year! Within six months of homeschooling I had the boy reading on a 6th grade level and performing at or beyond grade level in other areas as well. No magic formula, I just cared about the boy s EDUCATION. Unlike the school.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45662
Schools don t educate kids; they school them. There s a subtle but for some parents, including mine, a very significant difference.Y know, although most people here on both sides of the discussion seem, in the heat of the moment, to confuse socialisation with socialising , one definition of socialisation is: to place under Government control . That is one reason why my siblings and I are all home educated and why, unless a child comes from a neglectful or otherwise dysfunctional background in which case school might just turn out to be a refuge for them, I do not believe that schools are any place for children. If, in the future, I had no choice but to send my own kids to school, it would have to be a private school - so that I (and not some faceless bureaucrat down in Adelaide or in Canberra who neither knows nor cares about my kids as individuals) could still have a say in the values my kids are being taught and the way they are being taught those values. To paraphrase someone else on here (and I m sorry but I don t know who it was originally): Common sense tells you that you wouldn t put a puppy in a yard with 30 other puppies and expect it to thrive so what makes some people insist repeatedly that not only is this somehow necessary and vital for children but to choose not to do so practically equals parental neglect! Still I reckon the whole: Why do homeschooling families act like public schools aretheir enemies? Isn t educating the common goal? question, like so many other issues, can be summed up in two words: people s paradigms.   Hannah
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45663
That is a very good question, I ve asked myself that a lot.I am extremely thankful to the teachers who work hard and dedicate themselves to educating our children. People forget that teaching is a hard job and should be appreciated, i know i do. Look around at all the successful public schooled kids who graduated high school, college, and now working a job or running a business and raising a family.Some people only look at the kids who are the trouble makers, and who don t care or respect themselves.And once again thank you to all the public school teachers who work hard every day during the school year and summer school to help our children.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45664
Ah, I don t think you ve been around this board very long if that s your perception of things. Homeschoolers are the first to say it s not for everyone, they are the most supportive in parents and kids making a decision that will work well for them rather than just giving a blanket statement of homeschool, it s better and more. On the reverse side, there are PLENTY of people who post who do not consider homeschooling a viable option and are fully vocal about it.Now, if there are going to be a lot of people vocal AGAINST homeschooling, even though both have educating the common goal, why should it surprise you that there are some homeschoolers who are just as vehemently opposed to public schools? There s nothing wrong with public school parents or students being that against homeschooling but there s something wrong with some homeschooling parents being against public schools? That s quite the double standard going there.As for the actual question about dismissive of public school teachers, you have to understand that people are going to base their opinions based on their experiences--the ones they had in school or the ones their kids had in school before they pulled them out. Just like many a public teacher has been so dismissive of homeschooling in here because they ve had experiences with previously homeschooled kids who weren t up to snuff.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45666
probably becuase the public system doesn t respect homeschoolers. But I have the best of both worlds - I am a teacher, and currently teach 2 days per week at a school, and homeschool the rest of the time. I was a private tutor for many years also. I feel that the problem isn t the school teachers themselves - although you can never be sure of the quality of teacher you are going to get from year to year, rather it is the curriculum that is the problem, and how it needs to be taught in such a large group setting. The other problem is that the TV generation have grown up needing to be entertained, and their ability to think for themselves is reducing. And parents are being less strict with their childrens behaviour, so children are behaving poorly and this peer pressure has a bad impact on children. I have noticed over the last about 15 years how with the advent of mobile game equipment (such as game boy etc) becoming more common - that children have become more difficult to teach.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45667
Well good for you.  You re the exception.I come from Los Angeles and 80% of the students in the the bottom 60% of the Stanford Binet tests.In New York three years ago they almost threw out the Regents Math exam because NO ONE PASSED ITI know a Girl from NY who has a High School Diploma who thinks DENMARK IS A CITYShe also couldn t tell me what 0.10 of 10 was!Her father told her to use a calculator!This is the STATE of EDUCATION in RURAL and URBAN America on the average.JAPANESE PARENTS refuse to let their kids go to even an American Private school.BUT they all want their kids to go to UCLA, U Chicago and Harvard!Every American I know who took Public School in England, Germany or Denmark has remarked how GOODthe schools are there and how INFERIOR the schools in America are.A man I know from San Salvador whose father was a teacher told me he was doing Geometry in 8th grade in San Salvador and when he came to America they put him into FRACTIONS.You might be great, but at the same time I think you better take off your ROSE COLORED GLASSESHOWARD STERN regularly proves that Pole Dancers and Strippers who ALL have High School dipolmas think the Capital of New York is New JerseyThis is documented by transcription voice tapes and video tapes.Here s an experiment for youGo into class tomorrow with a map of the US with border for all the states but NO NAMES and ask someone to find SOUTH DAKOTA or MONTANAThen ASK THEM WHAT THE CAPITAL ISIt will change your whole opionion of the American Education process and I WANT TO BE THERE WITH A VIDEO CAMERA TO TAPE YOU DOING IT
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 56027
because public school are full of trash talk and sex being taught to children at an early age.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 56028
Some public school teachers are great, while others are not.  I had a teacher that would fall asleep while their students took a test.  I also had teachers that would let me skip in their class.  I did, however have some really good teachers.  My reason to finish highschool by homeschooling is because I get more work done.  I once took a class that we ended up only doing two chapters in a book for the entire year.  Homeschooling isn t always expensive.  I have read about moms on here that have homeschooled through free websites that provide free worksheets.  Other parent s are able to spend up to $3000 on their kids because they finish books quickly.  Some people homeschool their kids because there local public school is too slow for their children.  Some parents might not want to have their children attend public schools because they are located in a bad area.  Some parents homeschool because they might live too far from the local public school.  I think that people in general just want the best for their children.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 56029
I have a tremendous amount of respect for classroom teachers.  I know how difficult it can be to teach three kids.  I can t imagine trying to teach thirty.  We homeschool and my daughter wants to become a science teacher.  She doesn t want to be a teacher because she thinks homeschooling is bad; she wants to be a teacher so she can instill the love of learning that she has in her future students.I enjoy teaching my kids.  However, there are days that I don t.  I assume most classroom teachers feel the same.  I wish the public schools were a good option for my family.  However, the bullying, drugs and rush to be grown-up (i.e.- promiscuous at an early age, too much focus on dating and too little on education) make me feel like I would be a neglectful parent if I allowed my children to be educated in that environment.

QUESTION ID: VDMH0EE4CX33FNG
QUESTION SUBJECT: What is high blood pressure or hypertension? How does one have high blood pressure? How is it treated?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 17507
Mostly, -it s a myth. - At least, primary , or essential hypertension is, and it exists only in the imaginations of the medical profession. (To be fair and scrupulously accurate, there IS a true hypertension condition which occurs sometimes during pregnancy, but this arises from a causal mechanism beyond the scope of Yahoo Answers.)In reality, the only pressure which can truly qualify to be called the blood pressure is the peak pressure generated by the heart in the left ventricle, and all the other downstream pressures, wherever taken, are no more than indirect, approximate indicators of this. Readings downstream of the aortic valve, (the heart s outlet into the aorta) are all highly subjective, - that is, they are apparent readings,  not TRUE readings, so are relatively meaningless. So, -for instance, even readings taken at your left and right elbow may differ greatly, and your left and right wrist even more. The readings also depend enormously on the elasticity of your blood vessels, which decreases with age, and this gives rise to the wholly incorrect belief amongst the medical profession that Blood-pressure increases with age. - It doesn t; it only APPEARS to because the brachial arterial readings more accurately reflect the true, generated (ventricular) pressure, - readings which are clearly higher when your arteries have stiffened with age.This is because the steady (diastolic) pressure and the pulsating (pulse-pressure) are attenuated during their traverse of the aorta, and the large, and smaller arteries, and the amount by which they diminish depends on the physiological characteristics of each individual. So, even if the true (generated) pressure of several different people are all equal, the readings measured by your doctor near your elbow (the brachial artery) will all differ greatly, because much of the generated pressure will have been absorbed (differentially) by expansion of the elastic arteries, acting as a pressurised plenum chamber.So when your GP measures your B/P and says HMmm! 160/90!!  You ve got high blood pressure, - we call it hypertension . We ll have to give you pills to bring it down! ... he s talking tosh,- utter nonsense.Apart from this, you ll never find any seven doctors who ll agree what they call high blood pressure IS. Because, of course, it simply isn t real. As well as this, you ll never find any nine doctors (or 2 for that matter!) who ll measure your systolic and diastolic pressures and get the same answer.....Doesn t that tell you something? About doctors, -if not about blood pressure....They (doctors) would have me burnt at the stake, because they still believe the Sun revolves round the Earth....isn t it quite weird that those who know the least, and are so incapable of working things out for themselves, are so vehement and vociferous that truth, evidence, and logic  shouldn t be allowed to intrude? For Goodness sake, -these doctors are still killing people with beta-blockers, -routinely, when it s perfectly simple to demonstrate that they re doing so.....My God!! Eat Bananas to cure hypertension?.............Mary Poppins doesn t even rate, -on a scale like that! Just as a postscript, if you or anyone else is interested in the cause (and of course, cure for)  the pre-eclampsia type of true hypertension, please feel free to ask, and I ll gladly tell you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47333
A bp of 130/90 is considered stage 1 hypertension, which needs to be followed regularly, despite what that idiot was saying in the other answer to this question.  Hypertension which goes undetected and/or untreated can lead to severe cardiovascular diseases, including heart attack, and stroke.  The increased pressure damages the walls of the arteries, which leads to blockages (clots), which cause heart attacks and strokes.  The best way to get your bp lower is to add potassium to your diet.  It has known bp lowering effects.  Start eating bananas regularly, they have the most potassium of any other fruit.  Try this, take your bp, eat a banana, wait 20 minutes, take your bp again.  You will see at least a 5 to 10 or more point lowering of your bp.  Losing weight and getting more potassium is usually all the treatment needed.  If those don t work, your doctor will need to determine what is causing it, potentially some forms of kidney disease and diabetes need to be ruled out.  Good Luck.

QUESTION ID: VDUTSSHV7SVTGTP
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do u take the integral of (lnx)(5x^5+4x^4-3x^3)?
QUESTION CONTENT: This is on my quiz today and i need to know how to do it. Could someone do the work for me and show.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7040
???(lnx)(5x^5+4x^4-3x^3)dx= ??? u??dv= u??v - ??? v??du =lnx ??(5/6??x^6+4/5??x^5-3/4x^4) -  ???5/6??x^5+4/5??x^4-3/4x^3 dx =lnx ??(5/6??x^6+4/5??x^5-3/4x^4) - (5/36 x^6+4/25x^5-3/163x^4)+KSaludos.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7041
this integral would be done by parts taking 1st part = (lnx)and 2nd part = rest of the functionnow by part integration formulaintegration = (1st part)(integration of second part) - integration of[(differentiation of 1st part)*(integration of 2nd part)]so our integration = (inx)[(5x^6)/6 + (4x^5)/5 - (3x^4)/4]- integration of[ 1/x*{(5x^6)/6 + (4x^5)/5 - (3x^4)/4}]now the remaining integration is just an algebraic expression
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7042
To make things simpler, let s first determine the integral of x^n ln x for n>=0, integer. By parts, putting u = ln x and dv = x ^n dx, we get??? x^n ln x dx = x^(n+1)/(n+1) ln x - ??? x^(n+1)/(n+1) 1/x dx = 1/(n+1) [x^(n+1) ln x - ??? x^n  dx = 1/(n+1) [x^(n+1) ln x - x^(n+1)/(n+1)]+ C = x^(n+1)/(n+1) [ln x - 1/(n+1)]+ C.In the given integral, you have the previous integral for n= 5, 4, and 3, multiplied by constants. So, all you have to do is apply the formula we got and consider the linearity of the integral..

QUESTION ID: VGWMR2TEFMU1DUN
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do people outside of detroit hate the wings?
QUESTION CONTENT: ok i have been looking through questions and all i see is that the wings suck and no one likes them. every time i see a game on TV i always see a bunch of wings fans in the crowd and these are away games. but i just want to know if u don t like the wings why.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42558
apprently you havn t been to columbus. there have been games in Nationwide where you would swear you were in the Joe with all the red and white. and the Federov Boos.but out side of there i think it is because they aer always a dominate team so people tend to get sick of them winning. its kind of like the Yankees or the Patriots. if you are not a fan of either of them, you hate them.Puck Dat ( chelios is not a dirty player he doesn t even hit all that often)Oneman G These Veterans are getting paid the amount they deserve how much would you pay the best defenseman in the world ( Lidstrom) and yes they have veterans but they have youth too in Zetterberg, Datsyuk, Hudler, Fillpulla, Calder yes they have a few older players but it is well balanced. and you can no longer use the salary card. The redwings have the Same Salary Cap as Everyone else.GO WINGS!!!!!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42559
Its quite simple actuallyPre-lockout every other fan would think the Wings would Buy there players off , I ll admit we did that to Hull, Hasek and Robitaille, but if those Die-Hard Hockey fans did any research at all, they would see that we drafted very well since the late 80s, getting Yzerman Federov Lidstrom and a whole ton of great players, and we traded very well, getting Chelios, Draper, and other great players. So thats one reasonThen the really really big homers would say we still are buying our team, when there is a salary cap. Those are the people you shouldn t be listening too, because they obviously don t know anything about hockey.The reason why they hate the Wings is because we are good, thats the only reason. We ve made 16 consecutive playoff apperances, most in the NHL today, we have won the past 2 out of 3 Presidents tropheys, and were very very very very close to getting 3 out of  3 which would have been a record. We have dominated, having the most points in the West I don t know how many times. Its cause we re good, and they are sick of seeing our team winning.. in the season.Oh yes, your right oneman g , The wings are signing the veterans to HUGE contracts. Lets seeChelios, 850,000 a year, OMFG, HE ALMOST REACHED A MILLION THERE, WOW THATS CRAZY.Hasek, 750,000 a year, uh oh, he s creeping up to Chelios,Osgood, 900,000 , another whomper over thereCleary, 650,000 , sheesh, this is getting ridiculous,Draper, 2,218,000 over two million dollars, he must be one of the highest paidHolmstrom 1.5 mill, holy crap thats alotneed I go on....***** Jackass
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42560
Well, i can t speak for everyone, but for myself i have no problem with the Redwings.  I certainly do respect the organization and their players, but I guess i don t like them because they have somewhat of a rivalry with the team that I love.  The Sharks and Wings have had their moments against each other and so naturally, when they play, of course i wouldn t like the Wings.  And in the past, the Wings have straight up owned the Sharks, which certainly makes it hard for me to really like the Wings.  But it doesn t change the fact that I do respect the team, especially with the talent that is on their squad and the history the organization represents.  But take for instance, a couple of the Eastern Conference teams, I really wouldn t pay as much attention to them simply because they don t deal with the Sharks often.  But we can all thank the wonderful Gary Bettman for that great NHL Schedule.  And thats one person i can use the word hate for......
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42561
1) Hasek2) Been a Leaf fan since 66, Wings are the enemy.3) Hasek (hate him so much I hate the team he s on)4) Chris Chelios (dirty player)5) Did I mention Hasek?6) Bertuzzi (almost forgot him)  Has no right to be playing7) Yup, you guessed it Hasek.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 42562
My cousins who live in Michigan are die-hard Wings fans. They have a big foam finger for the Wings team, crazy Wings hats, all sorts of Wings stuff, including season tickets to the games.  When I visited them recently, they made sure I came home with some Wings stuff.I live in Texas. I m not even a hockey fan. But I love my San Antonio Spurs... win or lose, they re the best.I suspect that when people don t like a particular team, it s mostly because they are fans of another team... when you are the fan of another team, you will find fault with the teams that play your favorite team.  I guess it s a loyalty issue.  Some people, who are fans of a particular team, even go so far as to trash talk all other teams.... regardless of how accurate their talk is...  Vague opinions such as, The Wings suck, is really nothing more than trash talk. Personally, I have absolutely no opinion about the Wings... I don t really like hockey (or football or baseball for that matter).  I guess I would root for the Wings on behalf of my cousins, if someone were to ask me about them...  but basketball has always been my favorite sport. While I have loyalty for my S.A. team, I DO recognize good playing and good players on other basketball teams.That said, I still want my Spurs to win another championship. Go Spurs Go!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54566
I don t hate them.......WHy would I?  ..But I was kind of annoyed at how Versus crew acts like they are gods......WHen i watch a game I want both teams covered  evenly........Not a red wings love fest.............I just dont want them to beat my sharks.........

QUESTION ID: VH5ZACWDYDS2ZKD
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do planets turn over the sun on ellipse ways?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77400
The elliptical orbits are the result of Kepler s Law; the shape of a planet s orbit around a larger mass is a function of each planet s mass and the distance between the orbits.  One can derive the elliptical orbit path from Newton s Laws; when you start from Newton s Laws and perform this derivation, your result will be an equation in the form of an ellipse.Sometimes orbits are not elliptical, but are circular.  Consider binary stars - when the masses of 2 binary stars is equal, the respective orbial path traced by each star is a cicrle in the complex plane, not an ellipse.By the way, symmetry is one of the most natural phenomena observable.  To say that symmetry is not found in nature very often is an indication of lack of advanced physical and mathematical study.  Consider rings, field, and group theory.  Symmetric wavefunctions of identical particles and allowable energetic transition states in a molecule or, in some cases, an atom.  I could list 1000 different natural PERFECT symmetries based on solid foundations of laws of conservation and irrefutable mathematics, but only because I am limited as a human being in my knowledge of symmetrical processes.  There are many more than 1000 examples.  You get my point.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77401
Because orbitals are not symmetric.  True symmetry is an incredible rarity in nature.  The earth, for instance, isn t perfectly round--it bulges out at the equator.  To be perfectly round, forces need to act completely equally in every direction.  In the earth s shape, the asymmetry comes largely from the fact that it rotates on its axis, making a centripetal force.  With the earth s orbit, the asymmetry comes from the direction the earth is going.  A perfectly circular orbit would require that the earth be travelling exactly perpendicular to the sun with the exact, precise momentum necessary to make the distance not change a smidge.  This is statistically very improbable.With the elliptical orbit, there are two times a year that the earth moves exactly perpendicular to the sun.  In one, it is so close to the earth that it travels very fast, and hence grows further away.  In the other, it is traveling so slow because it s farther from the sun, such that it begins to fall back toward the sun.The orbit is nearly circular, but perfect circles are atypical in nature.  Technically, even a circle is a form of an ellipse, but it is one where the eccentricity is exactly zero.Note for the next poster:please note that I said TRUE symmetry.  True.  You can find crystals, and they are a great example of symmetry, but they re always flawed.  You can look at beautiful scatter-plots of an eigenfunction soultion set to define an orbital, but real orbitals aren t like that.  When you get spectra, the peaks invariable have width--this is due to statistical anomalies.  Statistical anomalies are powerful enough to make radio waves quantum-tunnel through solid objects faster than the speed of light.  They are the rule.  No binary system comprises stars with *exactly similar* masses.  It just doesn t happen.  Symmetry is common, but it is always flawed, however minutely.

QUESTION ID: VI13B8A7ZZYIDVA
QUESTION SUBJECT: I love to draw and paint, is their someone out their who can give me information as to how i can contact?
QUESTION CONTENT: someone or a company?. Thank you very much.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7381
you really should go on a illustration course. If you want to make a career out of it, you need to have studyed many ilustrators such as Ralph Steadman etc. Its a very hard field to make a living in, I work as a freelance graphic designer and illustrator, i have alevel s and degree in graphic arts and illustration, and it takes years to build up a portfolio, never mind get a contract with a company.The best thing you can do is invest in a good course, to help build your knowledge in illustation and then start putting your portfolio together from work that you have done. Its not as easy as just drawing a good looking image with a pen. there are so many different types of illustration and techniques used.Without that it would be almost impossible to become an overnight illustrator, especially with no qualifications, knowledge etc.GOOD LUCK THOUGH.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7382
Did not mention in which city you reside. Any way it is heartening to see that you are interested in drawing and painting, not much difference between the two though.      If you can learn to speak you can learn to draw also. Instead of communicating through words you will communicate through lines and shapes. All the accomplished artists were once bad at their business including micheal angelo.     WHAT EVER YOU TRY TO DRAW, DRAW IT WATCHING SOMETHING REAL. If you draw something which is already drawn (paper, magazine), not much of use.     If you are young and you have time You must go for Bachelor of Fine Arts(B.F.A) offered by many universities and JNTU HYD is one which comes readily to my mind.      If you just want to learn to draw and paint, you can learn it all by yourselfif you have patience, perseverance, and if you are willing to work hard. You need to begin with something called blind countour drawing. see (not just watch) some object, animal or some thing for sometime(15min). Then go back and draw the thing without watching. You need to practice this almost everyday. Atleat one blind contour drawing every day.     Perspective drawing is the next step and most important in learning drawing. You can search internet and book shops for perspective drawing. Best site I know is handprint.com. If you master perspective you ll really become a good artist.    You should study human anatomy, and animal anatomy also. To begin with just try to draw gesture of a human being. Ask your friends to pose for you. you should be able to finish the drawing in about 2min. In a gesture drawing you will not draw anything in detail. You will just draw what the person is. for example. a circle for head, and other body parts as simple as possible. You must practice minimum 10 gestures everyday.      Then buy some books on human anatomy. Anatomy for the artist is one book that comes readily to my mind.     Still life drawing is another important thing. You can refer Drawsketchabout.com.    When ever you are free you should go to a zoo and study animals. See them closely. And try to draw. this is the best way to study them.    Best book on the whole earth is Drawing on the right side of the brain by Betty Edwards. This book will dramatically improve your drawing skills.

QUESTION ID: VIFL7N5RMWGH2AZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the moon visible during the day?
QUESTION CONTENT: Almost every time I look up during the day, the moon is visible. This has been bugging me for quite a while, because shouldn t it be on the other side of the Earth? If it s day on this side of the earth, and night on the other side, it seems impossible to see the moon on opposite (or nearly opposite) sides of the earth. And, since the moon is always visible during the night, it, therefore, shouldn t be visible on the other side of the Earth. I haven t been able to figure this out since I realized it ages ago. Please help!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 65338
>since the moon is always visible during the night, it, therefore, shouldn t be visible on the other side of the Earth.This is good reasoning, except that the moon is NOT always visible during the night.  Depending on where the moon is, in the current lunar cycle (which lasts about a month), it may be visible during the day, or the night, or a little of both.  As Eri pointed out, most people notice it more at night, because it makes a much brighter contrast with the dark sky then.  But the moon is in the sky during the daytime just as often as it s in the sky at night.And if you can see the moon in your sky (whether it be day or night), rest assured that the people onthe opposite side of the earth at that moment CANNOT see it in their sky (whether it be night or day).The best way to understand what s going on is to make some observations yourself.  Try spotting the moon every day for about a month, and it ll become clear.  Some things you ll notice:On some days, the moon is rather close to the sun, and it forms a very thin crescent.  Since it s so close to the sun on those days, it rises and sets close to the same times when the sun rises and sets.  This means it s in the sky pretty much all day, and NOT in the sky pretty much all night.  Since it s close to the sun and it s just a thin crescent, it may be hard to spot during the day.  You may be able to catch it in the west just after sunset, or (if you re an early riser) in the east just before sunrise.On other days, the moon is rather far from the sun, and may be on the complete opposite side of the sky.  On those days, the moon appears full or nearly full on account of its position relative to the earth and to its light source (the sun).  Since it s on the opposite side of the sky at those times, the moon rises in the east at more or less the same time that the sun is setting in the west.  It will stay up more or less all night, and finally will set in the west at more or less the same time that the sun rises in the east.You ll also notice that the sun makes its way eastward over the course of a month.  Try going out every night at the same time--say 7:00 PM, and notice whether you can see the moon, and where it is in the sky.  If you catch it near the beginning of the lunar cycle, you ll see that it s in the west as a crescent (crescent always means it s fairly close to the sun).  The next night at 7:00 you ll see that it s farther east; the next night still farther east; and so on.  Eventually it s moved so far east that it will be near the eastern horizon at 7:00; and after that it will be below the horizon at 7:00.  From that point you ll have to wait another couple of weeks before you can see it in the west (at 7:00) again.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65339
It depends upon the intensity of light...If the intensity of moon is grater than the sun and in another direction then we can see the moon.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65340
The visible portion of the moon, whether full or not, is bright enough to be seen by day because it is directly illuminated by the Sun. The changing phases of the moon are due to the moons position around the Earth relative to the sun. The moons position shifts about 15 degrees each day, completing one revolution in under 29 days. The moon isn t always visible at night, especially if it s close to the Sun position-wise. Then, it s a daytime moon. You ll never see a full moon close to the Sun, nor a crescent moon at midnight. Full moons are on the opposite side of the Earth s sky from the Sun. I hope this helped!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71509
The Moon circles the Earth, so about half the time you see it during the day, and about half the time at night.  People tend to notice it more at night since it s the brightest thing then.  It s not on one side during the day and the other at night - everyone on Earth will see it during the day when you see it during the day, because it s not only moving, but the Earth is rotating as well.

QUESTION ID: VIMFN2JFF3YRKRM
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does one actually go about avoiding at all costs the person with narcissistic personality disorder ?
QUESTION CONTENT: Won t they possibly show up on something safety-related, where it seems I might need to do more than just avoid them at all costs ?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 2407
Unfortunately genuine narcissists, though theoretically around 1% of the population, are not rare in upper levels. Perhaps their inflated sense of self helps them BS others into believing they re nearly as great as they claim to be. When they get power positions, the co-morbidities that frequently accompany their disorder, can really complicate the lives of anyone unfortunate enough to be in their inherently destructive paths (they do not render sound judgments--everything they do is superlative, the work of others and value of others is typically nil--except for the handful of folks they will deem worthy of being in their presence--though, they, of course, are number one).You can t necessarily avoid these time-bombs and no matter where you fit in their universe, you ve got a problem. If you are worthy of being in their presence, then you MUST agree with them or the claws come out; most likely you are not worthy of their genius and will be run over summarily.This is another reason why supervisors need to actually supervise--if oneof these gets in, he needs to be gotten rid of as he can bring down projects and people with ease. Possibly if enough folks go about doing their jobs correctly they can present a case against the narcissist and present the correct way to proceed with the project.It s interesting to note that Hitler, Stalin, and Saddam Hussein have been regarded by many psychiatric professionals as being malignant narcisissts. Clearly, when they get that far up in the food chain (how they view the rest of us), avoidance is not an option. (Read NY Times article re: the diagnosis: http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9C07E3DB153CF937A35756C0A9659C8B63).Your narcissist may not be a malignant one, but they re all guaranteed trouble and more than they re worth by definition.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2408
I love Narcissus. He was utterly beautiful, adorable and hugely desired. If the majority of persons felt this way toward Narcissus why then do they condemn him for self indulgence and over absorption if all others are equally absorbed in him as he was in himself.....surely that is a contradiction, hypocrisy...Life is generally tedious and boring, if you find wonder, joy and inspiration within, then why on earth woul dthe external world be of any interest to you..isnt that such a perfect state to be in for such Gods as Narcissus, it isnever lonely or soliatary because there are always other  interested persons should you be needful of their company...Love Narcissus...I know many like him.....destroyed by their enviers and adorers alike...Please feel free to thumb down and minimise me if I am ranting....Be Loved....

QUESTION ID: VISUQ1Z0VL5AEYS
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do our college preparatory schools continue to include Chaucer s Canterbury Tales as part of curriculum?
QUESTION CONTENT: After all of these years, why does that book continue to get read?  And Catcher in the Rye?  Do the schools all follow each other?  Are these safe selections, or necessary aspects of high school literary education?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6246
Well, I m not really sure why we were forced to read Catcher in the Rye, I wasn t much of a fan, but the Canterbury Tales are a very important piece of English literature.  They have great literary and historic significance, so I certainly think they should continue to be studied in high schools.  While I didn t really like it, The Catcher in the Rye is considered by many to be a modern classic, and seems to be very popular with teenagers, so I see no reason why that shouldn t be read widely as well, though I don t think it is of the same importance as Chaucer.  Most people I know read The Canterbury Tales in high school, and I know I read it in high school as well as a couple of times in college.  It s really interesting reading it in Middle English as well, though we only did that very briefly in my high school.  But I think that Chaucer s work holds such an important place in the history and development of English literature, besides just being a great collection of tales, that it is a necessary piece of the high school literary curriculum, just as Shakespeare and Homer and many others are and will continue to be.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6247
the Canterbury Tales is taught because it is one of the first major works in English Literature.  In england, it is usally first taught at A level (equivalent to the last two years of High School in America, I think).  When I did my english A level we did the Merchant s Tale. which I quite enjoyed, as it is funny and quite rude (like many of the other tales).  It is quite difficult to understand, being written in Middle english, but I think it is worth studying for an interesting view of medieval life and attitudes.Of course, in england we get more of a choice about what to study.  Nobody does english A level unless they really like english, you don t have to study it at all if it doesn t interest you.   People generally do A levels in the three or four subjects that they are best at, and if you re not particularly good at, or interested in, english, then you don t study it.  And when you go on to univesity you are generally only studying one subject, or possibly two, you don t have to struggle with subjects that are uncongenial to you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7720
Ugh, teaching literature is so dry and in need of some excitement.  I don t know why they still teach the same stuff.  It s all good.  Great is a fair word to use.But is it a huge waste of time for most students?  Absolutely.  I think they re safe choices that are time-tested.

QUESTION ID: VKNVTCTVPKPIGU3
QUESTION SUBJECT: How fast does cancer take to get to stage 3 or 4?
QUESTION CONTENT: How many months or years does it take for Breast cancer? What s the average?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85181
I think that s a hard thing for anyone to say with cancer.  Many factors contribute to how fast the cancer will spread (for an overview of how cancer spreads, view:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metastasis ).For example, they recently discovered that ovarian cancer grows wildly out of control when a woman is under stress compared to a woman who is not under stress (that cancer thrives with the hormones and blood vessel formation in the tumors).And that is basically the long and short answer, it is many factors.  Also diet can contribute...for example asprin is shown to reduce ovarian cancer (yes I know you are referring to breast cancer, this is just where most of my research has been so far) and ginger has been shown to attack and kill it s cells in lab settings.The Maitake mushroom extract, specifically the D-Fraction extract (see www.maitake.com) has been shown to boost the immune system and also have anti-tumor effects in lab settings (animals) especially breast cancer.  The Maitake D-Fraction is now under a few FDA approved phase 2 clinical trials to substantiate this.  It goes to show than even diet and certain foods can help reduce metastisis...that is when the stages go up from 3 to 4 (etc).  3 is when the cancer spreads to local organs (or impacts them) and 4 is when it goes to distant organs (3 and 4 are always bad, but 4 is worse because it is impacting organs not close to the original cancer).In addition, even though it is breast cancer , when it impacts other organs no matter where it is (for example the brain, etc.) it is still referred to breast cancer because that is the original cancer type.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37837
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breast_cancer

QUESTION ID: VKOCSC64HU5U7SI
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many courses a semester do you have in university?
QUESTION CONTENT: How many hours a week do u spend in classes?If you are in university (or remember your university years) what is ur schedule (Times, Days, Courses, Semesters)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 68739
I m a freshman, majoring in Mathematics Education. My first semester, I took 5 courses, totaling 18 credits, the maximum you are allowed to take without paying overload fees. I m also taking 18 credits next semester.Fall Schedule:Monday9-12 Intro To Education Lecture1-2 Educational Media LabTuesday11-12:30 Earth Science Lecture2-3:30 Calculus I Lecture3:30-5 Writing SeminarWednesday8-3 Education Pre-Practicum (field placement in an elementary school)Thursday8:30-9:30 Calculus I Discussion11-12:30 Earth Science Lecture2-3:30 Calculus I Lecture3:30-5 Writing SeminarFriday8-10 Educational Media Lecture (only Sept and Oct)10-12 Earth Science LabThat schedule would be considered pretty unusual, due to the field placement. Spring semester s schedule is much more normal:Monday9-10 Philosophy Lecture11-12 Writing Seminar1-2 Calculus II LectureTuesday2-3:30 Special Education Seminar (only Jan through March)3:30-5 Psychology Lecture5-6 Calculus II DiscussionWednesday9-10 Philosophy Lecture11-12 Writing Seminar1-2 Calculus II Lecture3-4 PsychologyDiscussionThursday2-3:30 Special Education Seminar (only Jan through March)3:30-5 Psychology LectureFriday9-10 Philosophy Lecture10-11 Philosophy Discussion11-12 Writing Seminar1-2 Calculus II LectureSo, first semester = 25 hours. Second = 18. Much better.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4987
I took between 12 and 20. 12-15 when I worked, and was taking lower div.20 kicked my butt, it was all upper division.I didn t work, I spent hours and hours in the library. I closed it out every night at 11 pm. Still pulled a C in biochem. But I was like 4th in the class. So totally depends on class level, and material. 20 units of lower division general ed? not too bad. 20 units of hard science? Get ready for no life.

QUESTION ID: VO0M1765S3Z1SIQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you know if your getting a blood clot in leg?
QUESTION CONTENT: im taking tamoxfin for breat cancer ive been taking it for 1 month and last nite i woke up with pain inleft leg  just below knee now today theres a lump on the back of my leg
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 37448
Tamoxfin - Blood clotting reported by you does not seem to be sideeffect of Tamoxfen. Even it is so it will go away in due course. you can give little hot water formentation only. If it is more report to your Oncologist. I am giving below the information as to what is Tamoxifen, how it works and what are the side effects etc. for your inforamation from which you will find blood clotting is not a part of the side effects. -Tamoxifen (also known as Nolvadex) is a synthetic compound similar to estrogen. It mimics the action of estrogen on the bones and uterus, but blocks the effects of estrogen on breast tissue.Tamoxifen is used as adjuvant hormonal therapy immediately after surgery in early stages of breast cancer and in advanced metastatic breast cancer (stages III and above) in women and men. Adjuvant therapy is treatment added to curative procedures (such as surgery) to prevent the recurrence of cancer. Although tamoxifen is also used to treat malignant melanoma, brain tumors and uterine cancer, these uses are not indicated on the product label. According to FDA guidelines, women who are at high risk of developing breast cancer may take tamoxifen to reduce their risk; however, prolonged use may increase the risk of developing endometrial cancer (also called uterine cancer).Although tamoxifen is usually well tolerated by patients, there are some side effects. About 25% of patients experience side effects such as mild nausea, vomiting, hot flashes, weight gain, bone pain, and hair thinning. These side effects are usually not severe enough to stop therapy. Patients using tamoxifen for long periods of adjuvant therapy may face unwanted effects years into therapy, which warrant discontinued use of the drug. Some of these effects include possible increased risk of developing liver adenoma as well as increased risk of uterine (endometrial) cancer; eye problems suchas retinal lesions, macular edema and corneal changes (most resolve themselves after use is discontinued); neurological problems such as depression, dizziness, confusion, and fatigue; and genital problems such as vaginal bleeding, vaginal discharge, and endometriosis.-Best of luck for a speedy recovery of the patient-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 52493
Hello there, you should go and visit your doctor. If you think you may be getting a blood clot, you need to seek medical advice as soon as you can. This can be very serious, especially if it starts to travel. Some signs and symptoms of blood clot or thrombosis are: pain, swelling, and redness.  Have you ever had  one before? Please, go and visit a doctor.

QUESTION ID: VQI48M7CT704IFP
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does Colon Cancer kill?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have been asking a lot of questions on  here as of today, but I really need to know all this considering that i may have cancer (colon).  I know that it attacks your digestive system, but how does that kill you?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85587
Colon Cancer found in earlier stages is treatable and curable.  If it has spread to other organs (stage IV) - usually the liver then lungs, it is the failure of these organs that causes death.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39233
Colon cancer is a disease in which malignant (cancer) cells form in the tissues of the colon. When cancer is spreading it destroys the functions of your normal cells. Thus, after so much of it spreads over time, the body cannot repair fast enough to keep up with the spreading of the malignant cells and functions just break down in the body and you die. The following symptoms are the body dying slowly inside. A change in bowel habits. Blood (either bright red or very dark) in the stool. Diarrhea, constipation, or feeling that the bowel does not empty completely. Stools that are narrower than usual. Frequent gas pains, bloating, fullness, or cramps. Weight loss for no known reason. Feeling very tired. Vomiting. www.emfscience.net
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39234
If this is diagnosed early it can be treatable but if spread to any other organs for eg the liver then this is not very good news. My mother passed away recently of colon cancer and secondaries in the liver. She took chemo every 3 weeks for 6 months but this did not work so she was offered some more chemo this time weekly, she tried this but once again it did not work. She herself decided to stop the chemo as she was suffering a lot as she was violently sick most of the time.The time she had left she wanted to live as best as she could so she did not want any more treatment just painkillers because with that she could not go without. She stopped chemo in November 2005 and sadly passed away May 2006.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39236
Cancer is caused by poor nutrition (including oxygen) and stressors. Stressors can be environmental, like heavy metals, food additives or pollution, or emotional or job stress. Our bodies have 60 trillion--yes, trillion--cells, and there are always some mutating into cancer cells, but a healthy immune system kills them before they have a chance to get a foothold in the body. It takes a LONG time, usually, or an exrtaordinary amount of stressors, to degrade the immune system to the point where it won t do its job, but once cancer has formed, it can spread rapidly.THIS IS IMPORTANT! There are ways to BEAT cancer that the AMA is keeping from the American public, that are being used in Europe and around the world. Here is some information that is getting hard to find-- The Cure for All Cancers , ISBN 0963632825; A Cancer Therapy , ISBN 0882681052; Hydrogen Peroxide--Medical Miracle , ISBN 1885236077; The Natural Cure for Cancer--Germanium , ISBN 0533071410;  and Killing Cancer , ISBN 0705000966.Type used books into your browser and find a good site, then type in the ISBN numbers and get some great help cheap.I know of people whose cancer has spontaneously remitted (WENT AWAY for no known reason) after they went on a program of herbs and nutrition. The American Medical Association  and the pharmaceutical companies control medical law in this country, and they are in it for the money, and don t care about individuals. You and your family must look out for yourselves to stand a chance of being healthy. This is not a joke. Look into it. Best of luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85588
http://www.canceranswers.com/ColoRectal.Cancer.html

QUESTION ID: VRQHXHUYSLXHCJJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: WHy is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76584
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.The amount of Rayleigh scattering that occurs to a beam of light is dependent upon the size of the particles and the wavelength of the light; in particular, the scattering coefficient, and hence the intensity of the scattered light, varies inversely with the fourth power of the wavelength, a relation known as the Rayleigh law. Scattering from particles larger than about a tenth of the illuminating wavelength is handled by Mie theory.Esto es lo que se llama preguntar por joder.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25291
The blue color of the sky is due to Rayleigh scattering. As light moves through the atmosphere, most of the longer wavelengths pass straight through. Little of the red,orange and yellow light is affected by the air. However, much of the shorter wavelength light is absorbed by the gas molecules. The absorbed blue light is then radiated in different directions. It gets scattered all around the sky. Whichever direction you look, some of this scattered blue light reaches you. Since you see the blue light from everywhere overhead, the sky looks blue.

QUESTION ID: VT54SKSW0QMH4QC
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 8236
The first steps towards correctly explaining the colour of the sky were taken by John Tyndall in 1859.  He discovered that when light passes through a clear fluid holding small particles in suspension, the shorter blue wavelengths are scattered more strongly than the red.  This can be demonstrated by shining a beam of white light through a tank of water with a little milk or soap mixed in.  From the side, the beam can be seen by the blue light it scatters; but the light seen directly from the end is reddened after it has passed through the tank.  The scattered light can also be shown to be polarised using a filter of polarised light, just as the sky appears a deeper blue through polaroid sun glasses.This is most correctly called the Tyndall effect, but it is more commonly known to physicists as Rayleigh scattering--after Lord Rayleigh, who studied it in more detail a few years later.  He showed that the amount of light scattered is inversely proportional to the fourth power of wavelength for sufficiently small particles.  It follows that blue light is scattered more than red light by a factor of (700/400)4 ~= 10.Dust or Molecules?Tyndall and Rayleigh thought that the blue colour of the sky must be due to small particles of dust and droplets of water vapour in the atmosphere.  Even today, people sometimes incorrectly say that this is the case.  Later scientists realised that if this were true, there would be more variation of sky colour with humidity or haze conditions than was actually observed, so they supposed correctly that the molecules of oxygen and nitrogen in the air are sufficient to account for the scattering.  The case was finally settled by Einstein in 1911, who calculated the detailed formula for the scattering of light from molecules; and this was found to be in agreement with experiment.  He was even able to use the calculation as a further verification of Avogadro s number when compared with observation.  The molecules are able to scatter light because the electromagnetic field of the light waves induces electric dipole moments in the molecules.Why not violet?If shorter wavelengths are scattered most strongly, then there is a puzzle as to why the sky does not appear violet, the colour with the shortest visible wavelength.  The spectrum of light emission from the sun is not constant at all wavelengths, and additionally is absorbed by the high atmosphere, so there is less violet in the light.  Our eyes are also less sensitive to violet.  That s part of the answer; yet a rainbow shows that there remains a significant amount of visible light coloured indigo and violet beyond the blue.  The rest of the answer to this puzzle lies in the way our vision works.  We have three types of colour receptors, or cones, in our retina.  They are called red, blue and green because they respond most strongly to light at those wavelengths.  As they are stimulated in different proportions, our visual system constructs the colours we see.Response curves for the three types of cone in the human eyeWhen we look up at the sky, the red cones respond to the small amount of scattered red light, but also less strongly to orange and yellow wavelengths.  The green cones respond to yellow and the more strongly-scattered green and green-blue wavelengths.  The blue cones are stimulated bycolours near blue wavelengths which are very strongly scattered.  If there were no indigo and violet in the spectrum, the sky would appear blue with a slight green tinge.  However, the most strongly scattered indigo and violet wavelengths stimulate the red cones slightly as well as the blue, which is why these colours appear blue with an added red tinge.  The net effect is that the red and green cones are stimulated about equally by the light from the sky, while the blue is stimulated more strongly.  This combination accounts for the pale sky blue colour.  It may not be a coincidence that our vision is adjusted to see the sky as a pure hue.  We have evolved to fit in with our environment; and the ability to separate natural colours most clearly is probably a survival advantage.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18973
it is not blue, just humanbeing gave the name like a blue,funny qestion...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18974
just because...:)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22619
Becoz its not red or of any other color
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22620
What is your problem?Firstly, this is not the first time this question comes up.Secondly, the answer is simply because - you are not colour blind. The colour is by default there, but it appears nothing to those who can t see colours.Thirdly, while answering your questions, I start to ponder how lucky I am to be as perfect as I am now. At least, I can see colours.Finally, thank you, though, for asking the question.

QUESTION ID: VTK3KPQE573OH8S
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can you keep fish from spoiling between fresh catches?
QUESTION CONTENT: Imagine you are in a deserted island&need food . Fortunately, the surrounding ocean contains lots of fish though several days often pass between your catches. Although you have matches, you have no means of of refrigiration or electricity.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76944
Easiest solution: construct a basin where you place your catch alive, or baskets or nets to keep the fish in captivity.Common preservation methods for fish include:salting - produce an evaporation pan or basin where you can get salt or at least concentrated salt water. Easy if it is hot and sunny. If there is peat exposed to the salt water, you can use the ashes after drying.smoking - if you have suitable wooddrying - in cold climate, you can leave fish with little fat content drying in the air. If you can light a fire, you can dry the fish using heat. The grilled fish will last the longer the less fat it contains.curing/fermenting - dig a hole, put your cleaned catch inside with sufficiently salty water (see salting), and wait. Herring will form what the Norwegians call spekesild and the Germans call matjes. If you have access to edible acids (vinegar, citrus), you can try acid curing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48612
In this scenario you would have some sort of cage or trap set up so that the fish you catch stay alive in the water but cannot get away so you don t go for days without food.The way deep sea fishermen keep their catch fresh is with ice. If you saw A Perfect Storm you would see how they ice down the fish they catch so they do not spoil and allows sailors and fishermen to stay out at sea for long periods of time.

QUESTION ID: VVH6F7YHR73K54Q
QUESTION SUBJECT: know anything about dying from leukemia?  my husband is on his way&i don t know how to deal with it?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 17701
Five hundred years ago, people said the world was flat. Today, people say that if the FDA and AMA haven t blessed something, it can t be real good. Well, here s something I know to be real AND good. It s a little different take on cancer treatment--In 1990, I had Hodgkin s Lymphoma, stage 3-B, but I ve survived. My doctors were great people, but they were limited to surgery, chemo and radiation by profitable AMA treatment policy. During the year in treatment, I started learning about alternative medicine. I m a retired engineer, and this is what I ve pieced together--our IMMUNE SYSTEMS become weakened by poor nutrition, lack of exercise and reduced oxygen. Once that happens, our body becomes vulnerable to common STRESSORS. Stressors can be environmental, like viruses, heavy metals, pesticides, food additives, electromagnetic waves or pollution. They can be internal things like emotional or job stress, or poisonous people in our lives. Aging is also a contributing factor. So this means:               WEAK IMMUNE SYSTEM  +  STRESSORS  =  DISEASE  (cancer, diabetes, heart disease, etc.) Our bodies have 60 trillion--yes, trillion--cells, and there are always some mutating into cancer cells, but a healthy immune system kills them before they have a chance to get a foothold in the body. It takes a LONG time, usually, or a high level of stressors, to weaken the immune system to the point where it won t do its job, but once cancer has formed, it will generally spread rapidly.THIS IS IMPORTANT! There are ways to BEAT cancer that are currently being used in Europe and around the world, and there are some great books on the subject. I know because I ve read about 50 of them  from cover to cover. Here s a list of the best ones. Some are out of print and  getting hard to find-- The Cure for All Cancers , ISBN 0963632825 A Cancer Therapy , ISBN 0882681052 Oxygen Therapies , ISBN 0962052701 Hydrogen Peroxide--Medical Miracle , ISBN 1885236077 The Natural Cure for Cancer--Germanium , ISBN 0533071410 Killing Cancer , ISBN 0705000966 Natural Cures They Don t Want You to Know About , ISBN 0975599518I know of people whose cancer has spontaneously remitted (WENT AWAY for no known reason) AFTER they went on programs of herbs and nutrition to restart their immune systems. You and your family must look out for yourselves to stand a chance of being healthy. This is not a joke, and I m not selling anything--just trying to help.  I am using the things I learned in those books right now to fight off a second infestation of cancer. I ve been at it for over a year now, and think I m going to make it. Use what works for you, and pass on your success. Best of luck.AMA AND FDA--The American Medical Association (AMA) and the pharmaceutical companies control medical law and the FDA in this country with heavy lobbying and a revolving door policy. WHY would they want to do this? It s about the money. In 2004, medicine (doctors, hospitals, researchers and pharmaceutical firms) received 1.1 TRILLION dollars--1/4thof the total earnings (GNP 4.4 trillion) in the U.S. This is astounding, it means MILLIONS of people worked the whole year just to pay the nation s medical expenses!! That s totally astounding, and just too big to care about individuals. http://www.altcancer.com/video/hoxsey_ds...<http://www.altcancer.com/video/hoxsey_DSL.wmv>
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11836
There are boards on the leukemia site to help you connect with others who can help you&your husband cope. You should also ask your husbands Dr. about local groups for support. Have you considered speaking with your local church? It doesn t matter if your a member, most have grief counseling. Your local hospice can also direct you to help.Link # 2 deals in particular with your issue.I am very sorry for your troubles and hope that you can find the help you need during this sad time.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40207
The following organization is a good resource for information on leukemia:    * The Leukemia and Lymphoma Society - www.leukemia.orgPlease see the web pages for more details on Leukemia.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40208
I m so sorry you are dealing with this. I understand exactly what you are going through. The first thing is that . . absolutely no one knows when someone is going to die. You sound as if you are out of options? I am unsure from your statement what part of treatment your husband is currently under? Has he just been diagnosed? Have you been told that there are no more options?  It is hard to really know how to respond to your question.I would suggest that you contact some of the online support groups that can help guide you with whatever is going on in your situation.Cancer Care (online social workers offer support)http://www.cancercare.org/ACOR Leukemia Linkshttp://leukemia.acor.org/Leukemia and Lymphoma societyhttp://www.leukemia.orgCLL Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia http://listserv.acor.org/archives/cll.htmlAML Acute Myelogenous Leukemia http://listserv.acor.org/archives/aml.htmlGood luck to you and stay strong. There is always hope.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 40209
The human nature is and should always be to be an optimist . Lukemia, and for that matter, any cancer, is not a disease having definite result oriented treatment either under modern medicine or under the alternative medicines or other methods of treatments. However, it is also equally true that patients of lukemia were either cured or got good quality life extension by opting to explore the available avenues of treatment. In such situations, the verse of Bhagvad Geeta which means that you should do your karma or duty regardless of outcome aptly apply.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53559
Dear One, I m so very sorry about your husband.Here is a good site for disease info:http://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/hm_llsBest wishes

QUESTION ID: VX1T1XZGNKCR65K
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you type in an exponent on the computer without using ^ ???
QUESTION CONTENT: like making the numeral small,not like 2 to the power of... 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 62723
You mean like this:(??)x?? + (??)x?? + (??)x?? ?? x??These are alt-codes. To type a symbol with an alt-code, you hold down the alt key while you type a four-digit code number between 0160 and 0255 on the numeric keypad. The zero at the beginning is essential. Release the alt key after you finish typing the four digits, and the alt-code symbol will appear.Here are the alt codes I used above:?? = 0188?? = 0189?? = 0190?? = 0177?? = 0179?? = 0178?? = 0185?? = 0186Try other code numbers in NotePad, to see what s available. Or try it in the Yahoo Answers answer form. You can even type ordinary letters with alt-codes. For example, A = 0065.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4311
 Programs, accessories, system tools, character map will get you some of the common ones.#x?? ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62724
lol, three to the power of 2 Or you could always go down the more complicated three squared, three cubed, three quadrupled, three cinqtuppled [made that up], etc. I don t get it though, why do you want to type in an exponent without using ^? Also, use<sub>...</sub>in html for superscript.Finally, you can use altkeys.  The windows alt keycode for ^ is ALT+94; that means you hold alt and press nine, then four (holding the ALT key all along) on the numeric keypad (with number lock on) and then let go of the alt key.  It will end up like this: ^Well, same thing.  Oh, to get the number small, yea, you have to do what everyone else is saying.  So find superscript as one of the options while selecting the font (highlight the text, right click it, then click edit font or font or whatever the label may be); if you check it, the numbers you presumedly type will be higher up and smaller.  Then uncheck it for normal font.

QUESTION ID: VXO8QFHSLGNHJN3
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the period before 1000AD known as the dark ages?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 16253
This concept of a dark age was created by the Italian scholar Francesco Petrarca and was originally intended as a sweeping criticism of the character of Late Latin literature. Later historians expanded the term to include not only the lack of Latin literature, but also a lack of contemporary written history and material cultural achievements in general. Popular culture has further expanded on the term as a vehicle to depict the Middle Ages as a time of backwardness, extending its pejorative use and expanding its scope.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_Ages
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10682
Because there is a total lack of documentation for historians to read about what went on at that time.  No documents, no history.  All the barbarian invasions caused the destruction of libraries, scrolls, and any kind of written explanation of daily events.  So that time period is dark&murky for historians to see.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10683
Dark Ages, a period of stagnation and obscurity in literature and art, lasting nearly 1000 years, from about 500 to about 1500 A. D..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16254
Because little is known about our history at that time in the UK, little is known about our many regional monarchs. Technology seems not only to have stood still from the Roman withdrawal, but possibly to have even moved backwards.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46165
Its a phrase - first penned as an insult.In that this period of history is without many sources of written history to illuminate the facts. When it come to history, historians are thus in the dark about many of the fine details.The term Dark Ages or Dark Age was first applied to the European Early Middle Ages, the period encompassing (roughly) 476 to 1000, although it is now widely applied elsewhere. This concept of a dark age was created by the Italian scholar Francesco Petrarca (1304 - 1374) and was originally intended as a sweeping criticism of the character of Late Latin literature. During his travels, he collected crumbling Latin manuscripts and was a prime mover in the recovery of knowledge from writers of Rome and Greece. Disdaining what he believed to be the ignorance of the centuries preceding the era in which he lived, Petrarch is credited with creating the concept of a historical Dark Ages in his book Secretum (translated as The Secret or My Secret Book) written around 1345.Later historians expanded the term to include not only the lack of Latin literature, but also a lack of contemporary written history and material cultural achievements in general. The rise of archaeology and other specialties in the 20th century has shed much light on the period and offered a more understanding of its positive developments.Academics now question whether it is possible to use the term Dark Ages effectively in a neutral way; scholars may intend this but it doesn t mean that ordinary readers will so understand it. Also, the explosion of new knowledge and insight into the history and culture of the Early Middle Ages, which 20th-century scholarship has achieved, means that these centuries are no longer dark even in the sense of unknown to us. Consequently, many academic writers prefer not to use the expression at all. Only televisoin and films still use the term.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46166
Dark age is an archaic term; it still has some value, some truth, but the more appropriate term is the Migration Era.Migrations were nothing new in the 5th century A.D. The biblical Israeli trek through the desert was the most famous. Caesar wrote about migrations throughout Gaul in his commentaries. What distinguished this period s migrations from the rest is that the remnant wealth of the Roman Empire, now dispersed throughout the tribes, allowed for truly gargantuan migrations. The most enduring migrations were the Anglo-Saxon migration into Brittanica, The Frankish migration into Gaul, the Allemani migration into Germania, the Lombard migration into Italy, The Arab migrations into the middle east, and the slavic migration into the modern Balkans and Ukraine. The Visigothic migration into Spain was also important, from an ethnic stand point, although their kingdom was soon conquered by migrating Moors.What followed these migrations were frequent, savage wars, with raiding and destruction being aspects of daily life. Cities became deathtraps for their citizens, as loot-hungry warriors turned their eyes on these lucrative targets. Archeology confirms mass migrations from the cities by refugees in search of peace. Places that had not seen war for centuries, such as Italy and Spain, were reduced to rubble. Standards of living had already dropped precipitously since the Pax Romana era which characterized Rome at her height. So while 476 A.D is remembered as the year Rome fell, all of the benefits of Roman civilization had long since vanished. Rome s death was a long one; Standards of living in 500 A.D were considerably wose than in 400 A.D, which were considerably worse than in 300 A.D, which were colossally worse than they had been in 200 A.D.It was not completely dark, however. Knowledge and learning and standards of living continued to thrive in Egypt and the Middle East, which went unmolested by war during this period. This was the middle eastern golden era, which continued the pursuits of civilization while Europe plunged into anarchy.The migrations truly did not stop until about 800 A.D, when Charlemagne united Europe in his Frankish Empire. It s fragmentation under his three sons form the basis for modern Europe. The last major migration in Europe was the Viking migration, which didn t truly settle down until around 1000 A.D. However, the dark ages, or the migration era, is generally thought to have ended with the rise of Charlemagne s empire.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46167
Because we know very little of what happened during the period from the end of Roman rule in Britain until the establishment of an Anglo-Saxon kingdom or kingdoms.There are few written records and those that do exist are not always trustworthy.The words The Dark Ages simply means we know little or nothing of what happened.Present day archeology is gradually piecing things together.  Recent Time-Team digs at Canterbury showed for example that the city lay abandoned for about 300 years.  There is no record of Villa burnings, as is the case in most other parts of southern Britain.  What seems most likely is that the Celts, who probably did not live in Canterbury, just stayed put.  All the modern DNA tests carried out in Kent and the South East seem to point to a present day population which is very largely Celtic in origin.I think the idea of the Saxons arriving as massed armies is just nonsense.  Saxon settlements in and around Canterbury seem very small, only a few houses.It is as if Rome just faded away and that is very probably what did happen.  When the Legions were no longer paid, those who could, either returned to Europe or simply settled down here in Britain.Recently, a quite large group of folk were DNA tested up in Yorkshire.  This group were found to have African DNA, yet all are white and consider themselves to be white English .  Well, let s says they are English, but their ancestory is African.  This can easily be explained by understanding that the Romans had two or possibly three auxillary Legions stationed in the North and these were recruited from Ethiopia [Africans actually].  When a soldier had completed his 22 [approx]years with the legions, he was discharged, given a small plot of land [approx one acrew]a cow and a woman.  So, he probably married into the local tribe of Celts.If a black man produces off-spring with a white woman, these children will not be either entirely black or entirely white.  If these children then bear children with white partners, again the black will become less and so on down the generations until we arrive at today, white folk with African DNA.In the early middle ages, the population of Portugal was about 12% African.  Where are they all now?  They re all inside the Portuguese - by intermarriage etc. It happens, has happened and will continue ever thus.We are the Human Race.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 56234
Fanatical religious control of the govts, wide spread warfare, torture and execution... and those little things like plagues.  But mostly the Religious whack jobs controlling information, education and govt rules.  Much like they would these days if we didn t keep them in check.

QUESTION ID: VZ5R8PJPJIYICX4
QUESTION SUBJECT: how are cancer cells harmful to human body?what are the therapies used for it?
QUESTION CONTENT: even y is zat or ct is becoming popular now daysits not zat its cat scanning
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78
They grow quickly and take up important room in places like the lungs, for example, diminishing the capacity and making breathing difficult.  They cause other important organs to stop functioning because of the space they take up.Therapies differ depending on the type, location, make-up of the cancer cells etc. Therapy can include, surgical removal of tumors, attacking entire body with chemotherapy to kill all fast growing cells regardless of whether they are cancer, hair or fingernails (there are many types of chemo drugs and not all have the hair loss/fingernail deteriorating effects), radiation and targeting with other drugs if cell examination indicates that the cancer will resond to targeting drugs.  As each cancer can vary, there is no generic treatment for cancer but doctors and oncologists have many options to work with in tailoring treatment for each patient.Many cancer drugs are derived from natural sources and some people have achieved excellent results using alternative treatments (supplements, lifetime changes in eating habits, etc.). The CT scans you mentioned are for diagnostic purposes.  They, with other imaging like old fashioned x-rays and ultrasonography, MRI or PET scans can give doctors good images to determine how far cancer has spread and how effective treatments are.but chemotherapy can stop them (and all other fast growing cells like hair and fingernails)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50829
check out this research group    ....http://boinc.bakerlab.org/rosetta/

QUESTION ID: VZZD0I462FF48Y1
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many members did the largest joint family have?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 11232
It was actually 178 members ...World s Largest Family Take All Day Over Meals http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2004/07/24/wmeal24.xml&sSheet=/news/2004/07/24/ixworld.html KARNATAKA, INDIA, July 24, 2004: As one shift of the 178-strong  Narsinganna family finishes eating, another hungry batch replaces them. Feeding the family takes up most of the day, and the family women cook in two-hour shifts, squatting before the wood fires in the smoky kitchen to prepare 1,600 millet rotis and vast quantities of vegetables and lentils. Cooking and housework is all that we know, Saraswati, the family s oldest woman, said resignedly. The men eat first, served by the girls under 11 years old who do not yet cook. Dozens of infants crawl in and out of the laps of their elders, helping themselves. Five generations - about 130 people - live in the ancestral home, with the remaining 50-odd family members accommodated nearby. It is compulsory to eat together twice a day in the main house, said Bhimanna, the 71-year-old patriarch.  He explains that the family that eats together stays together, bringing happiness and security. This is why they continued to live together when the traditional Indian joint familyis swiftly disintegrating. They believe that the womenfolk had kept them together, preferring brides of around 15 years old who had not studied beyond the sixth grade. A senior Narsinganna pointed out that keeping the women under control ensured harmony -- undue freedom could spell ruination. We consume what we produce and share everything, said Thiranandra, 37, in charge of the family s rather full diary. There is no room for individual wants. The annual budget is about 1.2 million rupees (??14,000) while a further ??3,500 goes on clothing, medicines and farm labour. Annually they consume about 132,000 lb of millet and 33,000 lb of wheat in addition to home-grown vegetables. The family is clothed with about 20 bales of varied cloth bought during the Hindu festival of Dusherra. Weddings are celebrated on a grand scale, sometimes several couples at once. A lone television set has pride of place at the top of the family house and is switched on sparingly for popular soap operas. It s like watching television on a busy railway platform. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22950
170 members.The Narasingannavars of Lokur, Karnataka have 170 members living as a single unit Framers by profession, they grow almost everything they need on their 200-acre farm.

QUESTION ID: W0I7PX822HM4VL5
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do we support and sustain girls??? interest in science and technology?
QUESTION CONTENT: Two-thirds of young girls are interested in science&math.  What factors cause so many to drift away from those subjects as they get older?Y! Answers Staff Note: This is the real Sally Ride, find out more: http://blog.360.yahoo.com/blog-d8pH0dcoRKeB12yOcnUQp.9VCFos?p=12689All the responses were thoughtful, but Lauren L.???s response gets my vote as the best answer to my question about the dearth of young women choosing science for study and career.  Her answer was most complete and insightful.  As Lauren highlights, it is particularly important to acknowledge that we all -- parents, teachers, government and private industry -- share a joint responsibility to encourage both girls and boys in math, science and technology.  This is my commitment at Sally Ride Science. Thanks to all of you who participated and contributed your ideas to this forum.  Awareness is the first step of thoughtful action!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16994
I guess as women grow older,superficial stuff such as beauty pageants and the need to look beautiful draw women away from intellectual pursuits. If we want to sustain girls interest in math and science,we ve to stop them from idolising beauty queens and models.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34636
I believe we need to encourage young people more especially young girls.In my case I didn???t see the purpose of spending time learning math. I was thrilled at first, but my teacher didn???t care. Eventually I didn???t care, no one around me was helping me learn more. Eventually I gave up on it, and now I???m just bad at math.However, that was just me.I am interested in computers, and am in Information Systems Technology.I think the biggest turn off is that there are so many guys.  It???s funny, we need to break the threshold but to do that we need to be pioneers and possibly be in a class full of guys. Latter it???ll be worth it, but right now it may make some girls or women feel uncomfortable at times.I believe if we install strong fundamentals early on, like make math and science fun and establish high and strong self esteem we???ll have more and more sticking to learning those fields and going into those fields of work.That means encouragement, and a little bit more girl power but in the direction of math and science.There should be also camps and scholarships and what not. There should be strong women who show up to school to speak to young girls to get them interested both in elementary and middle school and on up. Field trips are always great too, but only if they GET IT, like why they re there. I think the core might be middle school though. Then again, the younger the more likely they???ll take math and sciences more serious before they fall behind.I know I had being in a class with majority guys, but at the same time I???ve learned not to care. As long as their not stupid. In college it???s been great, except when I attempted to take automotive that group of guys I felt weird there was only this one other girl in there. Plus the guys were immature and they tended to talk and look at us funny, like ???why are girls here??? like it was a mans job or something. That was the only class I had trouble in. All my computer classes they seem to be more mature or at least not let it be known out in the open like that bluntly.Well hope that helps!::: Peace :::
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 34639
One unspoken question that I think needs to be asked is whether or not the two-thirds of young girls that are interested in science and math  would still be interested if those interests were supported.  Maybe it is just natural for so many to drift away as they get older.  As a very young kid I was interested in arts and crafts, cooking, baking, and I begged mom to take me garage sale-ing on the weekends.  Honestly, I still am interested in all those areas, but not nearly as much as I am interested in other areas.  I am perfectly happy not exploring these interests any further.  Perhaps most of the girls who are interested in math and science at an early age are similar.  It is natural for these interests to wane and give way for other interests.  As a guy that was very interested in math and science growing up, however, I can say that I wish more girls would keep that interest.  First of all, I found intelligent women very attractive, and it is always nice to share interests with your significant other.  I am very interested to learn what kept you interested.  What kept you going?  How did you beat all the odds in a male dominated world?  What support and what obstacles did you have?This is getting off topic, but is isn t everyday I can write a famous astronaut.  I wanted to be an astronaut all of my childhood.  I even went to Space Camp and Space Academy.  I realized in High School that I had no realistic chance.  I had bad asthma and was out of shape.  Today, at 31, I would still give anything for the chance to go to space.  Even though I will probably never realize that dream, it helped shape so much of who I am.  I found your accomplishments and words especially inspiring.  Thank you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38500
There should be some more competitions in science math at all levels and for all sexes.  Math curriculum should be stronger.  Now they are focused on a lot of garbage, rather than a lot of pure math.  There is nothing wrong with pure math.  We don t need a whole lot of grocery store math. There should be more variety in science classes offered. There should be scholarship programs for young people who excel in math and science, and half of these grants should be reserved for women.Unfortunately, we are still victimized by old concepts and stereotypes that peg women as poor performers in math and science.  Teenage girls often live up to those expectations, because they still want to appear to not be overly intelligent.  Perhaps we should consider separating girls and boys in their academic classes during their high school years.  They would probably perform and concentrate better without distractions.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51574
In my case, I had terrible math and science teachers.  It wasn t until college that I finally stumbled upon  professors who made it interesting.  I guess the answer is for parents and the schools to push the importance of science and math.  And to provide qualifed tutors for those who may have trouble with it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68672
That s a great question,and there is a lot of controversy over it.Not long ago, Lawrence H. ( Larry ) Summers was driven out as President of Harvard because he asked the same question. In the context of a lengthy speech on Diversifying the Science&Engineering Workforce delivered on January 14, 2005, he discussed the issues.Read his speech, and make up your own mind whether he was a sexist, or whether he was encouraging legitimate debate.http://www.president.harvard.edu/speeches/2005/nber.html

QUESTION ID: W0WVBTAZ5ER6TPO
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do young people suddenly drop dead from cardiac arrest?
QUESTION CONTENT: I sometimes read about young people (often, but not always,  athletes) who are in their 20 s and just drop dead from a heart attack. They aren t old enough to have clogged arteries (I guess). Is it some underlying heart trouble they are born with but hasn t been detected? Pushed themselves too far physically? Interested.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1340
Though it remains unclear with doctors, as to why teens often die abruptly, while playing sports, I can tell you the real truth.It can be taking drugs, such as speed (meth).The teen probably took the drug before playing sports, and when someone dies, basically everything inside has failed to to continue to work, so digestive system acid instantly diminishes the drug, such as meth, leaving doctors clueless as to what caused the death. They will then say it was due to a birth defect or respiratory failure.It can also be a number of heart conditions. There is this disease which some people may have but not know about, until they have an attack or don t live to tell about it.It is known as PATENT DUCTUS ARTERIOSUS, when the ductus fails to close after birth. The death can cause congestive heart failure, which is sudden death.The athlete probably had an addiction with drugs, had stayed away from the drug, but had been overworking his heart in the past, from sleep deprivation and muscle, oxygen exertion.Not all heart attacks are caused by a clot.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11962
Some have a congenital, often inherited, condition called a cardiomyopathy, more specifically idiopathic hypertrophic subaortic stenosis. The heart muscle can enlarge to the point of obstructing blood flowing into the aorta, causing sudden death.Others may have an arrhythmia, an abnormal conduction pathway that regulates the heartbeat in an efficient way. If the heart muscle contracts irregularly, it cannot pump blood efficiently.Still others may have been born with a single coronary artery, and suffer a heart attack when under physical stress.There are uncommon inherited dislipidemias where elevated cholesterol and other lipids cause rapid buildup of plaque  in the coronary vessels.Although not caused by a heart attack, some athletes die as a result of Marfan syndrome which is associated with acute rupture of the aorta, the main vessel coming from the heart.On the preparticipation sports exam in most states, there is a question such as, Has anyone in your family died during sports participation or strenuous exercise? It is a very important question, since most of the above conditions have strong hereditary components.

QUESTION ID: W33FN5PFSXLG0AM
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to get money for an experimental Cemo therapy?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have a close family friend who is going through her 3rd battle with cancer and cemo is not working she is fighting with all her might and nothing seems to be working the doctor thinks that an experimental Cemo therapy might work but the price is outrageous and is like 100,000 a month how is someone going to be able to pay that insurance will not pay if any one has any ideas please, please let me know thanks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 71170
here is a site to check out they have trials and you don t have to pay for them
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1193
Trial studies for things of this nature are NOT free.  Some med trials are free, like how they do the studies on smoker s lungs and that stuff.  Unfortunatly chemo and the rest of the necessities associated with that are very expensive whether or not they are a trial.  That 100,000$ is actually not that bad.  Advice: -Appeal your insurance s decision to not cover the trial-Things like the American Cancer Society may be able to help.  www.cancer.org-Check with your hosp s financial dept, as well as a social worker either on your team of docs or in your hospital.  They know lots of ins and outs of financial aid..-Fund Raise..  Things like bake sales, yard sales, car washes, find a group of kids to sell candy, see if local businesses will take donations.-Call your local news station (if she is willing).  They are really good at mobilizing the community to help those in need
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1194
He should check to see if this is part of a Clinical Trial. Clincial Trial sponsorers (university, research institute, company) will pick up the cost of the drug and treatment costs associated with the drug. Insurance will pick up other costs. The reason for the high cost of the experimental drug is that not much of it has been manufactured. There is only a very, very limited amount available - a company is not going to manufacture a drug that only a few people will use, so it is best to be on a Clinical Trial so that a benefit can be established.I am somewhat surprised that his doctor would even offer an experimental chemo drug without going through a Clinical Trial. This is not how things are usually done, so I suspect that the drug being offered is further along than just experimental. Is it being offered off trial? If that is what is happening than maybe insurance will pick it up on a compassionate use type appeal. You can also call the company directly to see about their reduced cost programs.  What type of cancer is this and what is the name of the drug?  You can look much of what is legitimately offered as a Clinical Trial online at:Clinical Trials.govhttp://clinicaltrials.gov/Universities and research institutes also offer Clinical Trials. You might want to watch a video produced by Dana Farber about Entering a Clinical Trial- Isit right for you? Which explains the process. (downloading it works well):http://www.dana-farber.org/res/clinical/trials-info/default.htmlYour close friend should be asking these types of questions to her doctor, nurse, and medical social worker. They should be able to come up with a solution.FDA: Center for Drug Evaluation and Researchhttp://www.fda.gov/cder/FDA: Oncology Toolshttp://www.fda.gov/cder/cancer/index.htmFDA: Access to Unapproved Drugshttp://www.fda.gov/cder/cancer/access.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87199
Your friend may be put into a trial study which is free.  They dont charge for experimental drugs.

QUESTION ID: W4TRXS6EYUW6P1C
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why don t all boys get circumcised ?
QUESTION CONTENT: I think that uncircumcised penises are very gross. I was just wondering Why don t all mom want to get their baby boys circumcised ? It s healthier in the long run and it doesn t look like a hot dog. The risks are very very low of any complications... you are more likely to get struck by lightning than have something go wrong with the circumcision.ok the baby screams and cries for a few minutes but they don t understand anything yet and they don t remember it later on... it s better to get it done well it s a baby rather than later in life when it hurts a lot
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14573
Let me see if I have this reasoning correct.  Because most American males were subjected to a cruel procedure that they do not need all should?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16288
uncut have their beauty and pros, , y u want it that way for all. think only of yr bf.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18818
Their parents don t request it...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 35956
Ah, spoken like someone who doesn t have a penis and so has no investment in the operation.  How special of you.  Why don t all girls have their clitoris cut out while they cry and scream in agony?  No, wait, in many countries they do!  Why don t you move to one of them?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47785
As long as the person has good hygiene there is no difference. Why have a child go through the pain and trauma because it was once believed to be healthier. This is not the practice in Europe or in Latin America. Of course there are religions who believe in circumcision, not for health reasons.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47786
Personally,I see circumcision as another form of mutilation.Seriously,think about what they re actually doing. Yuck!The poor baby...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47787
It s mostly a cultural decision.  If Dad is cut, Son generally gets cut.  If Dad isn t cut, Sonisn t.  The link can give you the American Academy of Pediatrics overview of these pros and cons.http://aappolicy.aappublications.org/cgi/content/full/pediatrics%3b103/3/686
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47788
Even though you say nothing about yourself in your About me profile and are a full member of the MCS (seem my previous questions/answers if you re interested), you question is very revealing about yourself - for example one might ask why do you ask this question? Are you asking from a sexual attraction point of view, from a mother s point of view or from as you suggest a health point of view - it also makes me wonder whether you re Jewish or not. Not that that is a good or bad thing, but since jewish boys are all circumcised, you might be asking the question from some relgious base aswell. All in all what s behind the question is more interesting than the question itself - please put some additional details into your question - so I can see where you re coming from as they say!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47789
Your claims are wrong, even the last one. Circumcision s complications can be up to about one in five. The human body isn t designed to just be beautiful, if it has a part it has a function. Trust me, circumcision would not be getting less popular for no reason if what you claim were true. I don t want to attack you, but I do encourage you to research a little more; there are lots of parents that end up surprised from what they learn and they eventually don t circumcise their sons; same goes for doctors; circumcision rates didn t fall by themselves.Circumcision is a traditionally Jewish and Muslim surgery, although it was introduced and encouraged to the Western, developed world (North America and Europe, but especially the USA) as a way to stop masturbation, especially with the help of Dr. Kellogg. (see link 1) However, although scientific studies have discovered that circumcision harms masturbation by up to over 60% (2), needless to say, it doesn???t completely stop masturbation. Many circumcised guys just find it more convenient to use a lube like KY or lotion as a result (3) since the typically moist foreskin (like the eyelids) is not there to rub the head of the penis with (4).Most developed nations quickly rejected circumcision after noticing its ineffectiveness against masturbation (they were quite religious back then!), and as a result the United States remains the last developed nation doing it to a significant percentage of newborns. (5) This was done as a result of the for-profit American health care system promoting myths about benefits of circumcision (6), such as preventing penile cancer (6a, 6b), preventing HIV (6c, 6d) despite the USA being the developed nation with the highest HIV rates and circumcision rates (6e, 5), and preventing STDs (6d, 6f). As a result, circumcision now brings in hundreds of millions of dollars to doctors and the American health system. (7)However, circumcision has been becoming less popular as years have passed by. In the 1960s over 90% of guys were circumcised in the USA, now circumcision rates are as low as 14% in some states. (8) More and more parents are discovering that circumcision carries more risks than benefits, and realize that by leaving their sons uncircumcised, their sons have the choice of choosing what they???d like, since the surgery is irreversible (you can t go back if you don t like it or if it goes wrong).Circumcision risks include the loss of sexual pleasure according to multiple studies (2, 9, 10, 11). Those studies take into effect many sensation points, including the foreskin, and they involve many participants. There have been other studies that claim no difference, but they don???t even take into effect the nerve endings on the foreskin, which as seen in one study, are some of the most sensitive points on the penis (10). One study even found an increase in erectile dysfunction rates after circumcision (10a). In another study, it was found that females ended up reaching orgasm with and preferring uncircumcised males in 9 out of 10 cases (10b). In addition, circumcision is extremely painful on newborns (12, 13, 14), and you risk many bad conditions, such as a buried penis when too much foreskin is removed and limits the size of the penis (15), or adhesions or skin bridges that develop from the head to the shaft when the skin heals after the surgery (16), meatal stenosis [occurs in up to 10% of circumcised males!]when the opening of the penis becomes irritated from too much exposure and rubbing and begins to close up (17), and meatal ulcers (18). All those risks are, of course, not including the possibility of having too much skin removed, which can cause discomfort during erections due to lack of skin to allow the penis to expand, and could consequently cause a hairy penis by pulling pubic hair and skin to the shaft. Often a circumcision scar develops around the penis after circumcision. In addition, circumcision has negative effects on breastfeeding. (18)To conclude, here is a link that describes the anatomy of the foreskin (19) and the development of the foreskin with infants, a link especially helpful for parents (19a). Ultimately, one survey found that although uncircumcised guys are a bit more satisfied percentage-wise, it???s within the margin of error. (20) The only difference is that those unsatisfied uncircumcised guys can simply get circumcised and end up satisfied either way. If you re cut or uncut and happy, you ll say that side is better. If you got cut later in life, you ll say cut because you had problems with your foreskin before. If you re cut and had something go wrong or wish to have had a choice, then you ll say uncut. One survey found that up to half of circumcised guys wished to have had the choice themselves (as in, been left uncircumcised and they could have chosen to get circumcised if they wished later on in life). That s a huge number. (21) That, along with the risks and negative effects that are being seen more with the help of the Internet, may be what is bringing down circumcision rates.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47791
Back in the 1940s they started doing it because someone thought it was cleaner.If they are not circumcised someone has to teach the boy how to keep it clean.The babies do scream a lot when it is done but at least they don t know what is going on like they would if they were older.Someone once said the circumcised man pleases his woman and the uncircumcised man pleases himself during sex.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68513
Because all parents are not stupid.There are no proven health benefits to male genital mutilation.The complication rate is 5%, this is the complications that are immediately apparent, 10% of circumcised boys develop meatal stenosis, which is a restriction of the opening of the penis that affects urine flow and spray, severe cases require a painful surgery.I would rather take my chances with lightning, and I was circumcised 52 years ago.Oh and take a mirror and peek between your own legs, do you think that is so great looking? And if it has been 24 hours since your shower, might that be a slight odor? (girls make smegma too!)Even if it was only one boy out of a million that completely looses his penis and is condemned to a sexless life, so that you won t have to see a hot dog, it is just too high a price. The simplest thing would be for you to grow up and accept that  we can not make other people look the way we want them to look.You said: ok the baby screams and cries for a few minutes but they don t understand anything yet and they don t remember it later on... it s better to get it done well it s a baby rather than later in life when it hurts a lot He will not need to have it done later!!!It is only done later if he has an incompetent doctor any problems a boy has can be treated without mutilation, just like they do for girls. (And girls have far more problems) Competent doctors around the world can treat the rare problems compete men have without circumcision . 85% of the men on earth are complete, they are not going to get mutilated. It is just here, in the US, that the greedy doctors get away with this mutilation for money, and they use it as their cure for everything. A permanent solution for a temporary, or imagined problem.May you find that your husband is one of the unlucky guys that suffers from delayed orgasm, (often a complication of circumcision ) and may he ride you untill you are too sore to walk for two weeks.  (That will get old after a while, trust me.)

QUESTION ID: W5L087YXJIBNUXC
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people describe human beings as this planet s dominant species?
QUESTION CONTENT: They only live on a small percentage of the world s land mass, can t breathe underwater, are divided by individualism and tribalism, take nine months to reproduce, and their infants are highly dependant on parental care. Surely it s bacteria and insects that are really top dog?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21253
For better or worse, Man holds the fate of the animal kingdom in his hands.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49930
depends of what do you mean in  DOMINANT  it is a philosophical questionwe are dominant -because we can control our liefs and minds                            -because we can control machinery,                            -because we are the highest evolutionary  mental    species but we are not dominant- in the distribution on the surface of the earth                                        -we are much more vulnerable that bacterias because we are complicated  organism                                       -we  have to take care of our children  and have pregnancy 9 month  ,but how long that 1 specific bacteria that divided so quickly lives??

QUESTION ID: W714Y6TUE58RCUJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how many contestants are sent from kazahstan to the olympics?
QUESTION CONTENT: need to know about kazahstans olympic history how partisipated and when for a school project
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78492
Kazahstan first entered the Olympic Games as an independent nation in 1994 at the Lillehammer Games where Vladimir Smirnoov won the gold medal in the 50km Nordic Classical Skiing competition as well as two silvers in the 10km Cross Country and 15km Combined events. Since then the following Kazaks have won medals:Atlanta 1996 Summer Olympics:Vasili Jirov (Gold, Men s Light Heavyweight Boxing)Bolat Niyazymbetov (Bronze, Men s Light Welterweight Boxing)Esmouhan Ibraimov (Bronze, Men s Light Middleweight Boxing)Yovei Melnichenko (Gold, Men s Bantamweight Greco Roman Wrestling)Anatoli Khrapaty (Silver, Men s Light Heavyweight Weightlifting)Maulen Mamirow (Bronze, Men s Flyweight Freestyle Wrestling)Alexander Parygrin (Gold, Men s Modern Pentathlon)Sergei Belyayey (Silver, Men s Small Bore Rifle (Prone and 3 Positions))Vladimir Vochmiamin (Bronze, Men s Rapid Fire Pistol)Nagano 1998 Winter Olympics:Lyudmilla Prokasheva (Bronze, Women s 5,000m Speed Skating)Vladimir Smirnoov (Bronze, Men s 15km Combined Nordic Cross Country Skiing)Sydney 2000 Summer Olympics:Olga Shishgina (Gold, Women s 100m Hurdles)Bekzat Sattarkhanov (Gold, Men s Featherweight Boxing)Yermakhan Ibraimov (Gold, Men s Light Middleweight Boxing)Bulat Jumadilov (Silver, Men s Flyweight Boxing)Mukhtarkhan Dildabekov (Silver, Men s Super Heavyweight Boxing)Islam Bairamukov (Silver, Light Heavyweight Wrestling)Alexandre Vinokouroiv (Silver, Men s Cycling Road Race)Salt Lake City 2002 Winter OlympicsNo medals wonAs to numbers of atheltes at each games that s a bit more tricky try
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26820
i think 4 team

QUESTION ID: W7KOB6FYX6IKSSF
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why did only lymph nodes light up on pet scan, If its not lymphoma?
QUESTION CONTENT: My Mom just had percarditis (fluid around her heart) that just got removed about a month ago. When the percardial fluid was removed they found blood in it, they sent it to a lab and found that it had (VERY FEW) cancer cells. The doctor has said over and over again that she has lung cancer (adenocarcinoma), which just came back negative. She had a PET scan and only lymph nodes lit up and the dr still doesnt believe that it could possibly be lymphoma. I dont understand that if she had any other cancer, why  wouldn t have lit up on the PET scan? The dr is now leaning toward pancreas or stomach cancer, which my mother has NO symptoms from either!! Im just very confused. I thought PET scans are very accurate. So please let me know what you think. Thankyou So Much. Chrissy
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85121
Your mom has malignant pericarditis. This emedicine article gives the possibilities of various cancers that can cause this condition. Not all cancer types show up on PET scans. Most do, but not all. My best to you and your mom.http://www.emedicine.com/ped/topic1764.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85122
Things like infection look like cancer on a PET scan.  Also, not every type of cancer will show up on a PET scan.  The PET scan works when the patient is given radioactive glucose.  Cancer cells divide very rapidly, so they need fuel .  Glucose is that fuel, so they absorb it.  The small amount of radioactive material makes these cells light up.  Not all cancers reproduce that fast.  Some cancers can fester and take their time (lung and pancreatic cancer are both examples)  This slow moving cancer is actually less treatable than the fast moving ones, because chemotherapy is designed to attack rapidly dividing cells, not ones that fester and spread slowly.  If your mother s lymph nodes lit up, they should probably schedule a biopsy, so they can find out if it s infection (as lymph nodes swell while they fight infection) or cancer.  If her oncologist isn t giving you straight answers or you (the both of you) don t feel comfortable with that doctor, you should find someone that you both trust.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85123
Slower growing cancers may not respond as well to a PET scan.  In order to grow, a tumor [or cancer]has to eat .  At the PET scan, they inject some radioactive dye into you and then you have to rest a while to let the cancerous cells metabolize [eat]the dye.  The PET scan shows are the things that ate the dye.  In my case, I lit up like a Christmas tree, all lymph nodes in chest area, as well as my tumor [at base of neck], and my spleen.  If it is a slower growing cancer of tumor, it may not light up on PET.Now, I m not a doctor, that s just what I went through.  Here s the best info on Lymphoma, so you can check for other symptoms [esp. itching, night sweats]:http://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/hm_llsBest wishes.

QUESTION ID: W7OLG5J1ZG8VFEJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: In calculus, how do you know which method of integration to use? What is a hint? Are AP Calculus exams hard?
QUESTION CONTENT: Currently, I am working on discovering which methods of integration will work for different kinds of problems. Does anyone have hints or give-aways for which methods of integration to use for different problems? Does anyone know of any good websites where I can brush up on my Calculus and get help before the AP exam? Thanks for your help!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75313
The AP calc exam is an ok exam.  It was weird though to take a multiple choice math exam.  Best advice is just to do lots of different types of problems and in no particular order.  Make sure you re comfortable with word problems because that s all the non-multiple choice part of the test is.  Also, I know you can get past exams - my Calc teacher in HS got each of us the past like three tests.  We worked on them on our own and then got together for like a week or so and worked out the problems together if we were stumped.  My advice is to start early (as you seem to be doing) and just keep working through problems.  Make sure you review what you learned in the beginning so you won t forget what you now consider the easy stuff.  I took the exam and got a 3 on it.  That would have exempted me from Calc 1 at my college, but I took the classanyway, just to keep familiar and found it much more challenging than in HS becuase it is a college level class.  But I still got an A in it.  And like the answer above said, it was everything we covered in a year in HS calc.  I would only really use the exemption if: 1 - it totally gets you out of all the college math you would need for your major OR 2 - if you can get right into the next level first semester.  Otherwise, I would do the brush up like I did.  It helps the GPA and it does give you that brush up because in college, they expect you to hit the ground running in the higher level classes.  Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24018
hahaha, i wish... you just have to do a LOT of practice problems, and eventually you get used to it and start to sorta see it what s going to be able to cross out(in that du part where you pick a u and differentiate it and can often cross out parts of the problem you cant get)Even though I didn t take it, I don t think the AP calculus exam is hard because I just learned last term in college everything that you guys learned in AP calculus.  In fact, most of my class already took AP calculus and they were still having trouble in the class.  They said we even do more stuff in our one term then you did all year.  The main difference is homework though, we don t do any example problems in class and have to do about 50 homework problems, so i was teaching a lot of the stuff to myself, but with that much practice, you get the hang of it.  What usually makes AP calculus hard is the fact that everyone in the class is usually a senior and starts to get senioritis, that s what happened to most of my ap physics class last year even though the material really wasn t hard.  So, I would sayif you did a lot of extra practice problems, you would get the hang of everything in calculus, because you have plenty of time(double what college kids have) and you re definately just as capable of learning it.  It sucks to have to do so much work at home, but doing loads of problems is the only way to truly learn it.  I noticed that the first few problems you spend the most time on, referring to notes and example problems, taking forever, then as you go, you do it quicker and quicker and know exactly what to do, it starts to come naturally.  personally, if i did have room for ap calc in my schedule last year and took it and someone gave me the same advice i was giving you, i probably would have laughed at them and not done the extra work because i tend not to do anything more than i am assigned, but now i know from personal experience that doing a lot of extra problems really helps and i guarantee you would ace the class. good luck!

QUESTION ID: W8PMU0FMONZWXG7
QUESTION SUBJECT: I breakout almost every time I shave, how can I avoid that?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have used both electric and manual razors, various different lotions, creams, gels, etc, and I still get a bad rash or breakout.  Most of the time I am fine the first day but the next day its there and it is both unattractive and painful.  Is there a good way to keep from getting the breakouts?  It is usually under my chin and on my neck and sometimes on the sides of my chin.Thank you all for the answers.  I forgot to mention this before though.  I usually have a beard but I got a new job and dress code states I have to be clean shaven.  Also, I have tried shaving with the grain and against the grain and have used aftershaves and face lotions and other products too but it doesnt seem to help too much.  If I don t shave, I don t have the problem, its only there when I do shave.  Thanks again.Oh also, if it helps, since a few of you mentioned it, I am 24.  Thanks again for the help.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15669
i guess you could get proactiv, but that s expensive, and it didnt work for me.both my brothers get bad acne when they shave, and it looks gross.  i get a few pimples here and there when i shave but theyre not red and they go away.  that s cause all my life till a year ago i had acne everywhere on my face.  i tried proactiv and it didnt work.  so during my physical i told the doctor, and he prescribed two medications, which you should talk to your doctor about.  he gave me erythromycin topical solution usp 2%, which is a liquid in a bottle with its own sponge top, so you tilt it, the sponge gets wet, and you put it on your face.  wait a few seconds for it to dry, then take the benzyol peroxide [sp?]5%, which is a cream, and put a pea sized amount on the left side of your face, neck, and wherever else acne is over there, a pea sized amount all over the right side of your faceas well, paying special attention to the affected areas, and a pea sized amount on your forehead.  doing this ensures [sp?]that you wont get future acne and it dries out your face so the acne you have is gone in two days [three tops].  in the morning you put the erythromycin topical solution usp 2%, and then at night before you go to bed you but the erythromycin topical solution usp 2%, wait for it to dry, and put the benzyol peroxide 5%.it s a prescription, so youre gonna have to see your doctor, but it works, and doesnt take half the time to apply as proactiv, and works better than proactiv.  for me, anyway.  hope i helped...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20301
use more after shave.

QUESTION ID: WAM7PF203I0RR5R
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do i get a better attitude about exercise?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76700
Think about why you are doing it...what the benefits are-losing weight, toning up, having more energy.Try to think about the benefits before doing it to get you motivated.Also, try doing something fun...walking with friends, biking near the beach, dancing, listening to good music while on a treadmill.Don t try to do too much at once...just what feels comfortable to you&gradually increase.  And don t beat yourself up if you don t do it!Here is some info I found online about benefits&particular kinds of exercise..like aerobic or strength training:Health Benefits of Exercise and Physical Activity:    * Reduce the risk of premature death    * Reduce the risk of developing and/or dying from heart disease    * Reduce high blood pressure or the risk of developing high blood pressure    * Reduce high cholesterol or the risk of developing high cholesterol    * Reduce the risk of developing colon cancer and breast cancer    * Reduce the risk of developing diabetes    * Reduce or maintain body weight or body fat    * Build and maintain healthy muscles, bones, and joints    * Reduce depression and anxiety    * Improve psychological well-being    * Enhanced work, recreation, and sport performancehttp://www2.gsu.edu/~wwwfit/benefits.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70699
Don t think about exersizing, just do it; especially if you are tired. you will feel so good after the exersizing not only physically but emotionally as well because you know you did the right thing.that is my experience and i feel like a real winner for it.

QUESTION ID: WBRQA2PN0TFZ0LL
QUESTION SUBJECT: How effective is Angioprim medicine?
QUESTION CONTENT:  Angioprim medicine is advertised as a substitute for by-pass surgery of heart.Without surgery it claims that it can clear the blocks in arteries.Can someone who has used it explain about it?And can other doctor members throw some light on it?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88091
Over 60 years of scientific research has proven that the ACTIVE ingredient in Angioprim helps promote cardiovascular health. Angioprim s synergystic combination of amino acids is formulated to improve the body s ability to reduce plaque build up and calcification.ANGIOPRIM removes the calcium glue from the plaque and is dissolved, leaving artery walls clean. The kidneys then excrete ANGIOPRIM along with the now-harmless calcium and cholesterol.   ANGIOPRIM cleans every one of the 75,000 miles of arteries, veins, capillaries, and microscopic arterioles in your body. Now, nutrient-rich, life-giving blood is coursing to places it hasn t reached in years - or even in decades. And suddenly, cells that were once starved and dying throughout your body are being reborn.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1432
It looks like a chelation agent. Seems that it is quite effective in thinning the blood and remove the blockage. There are only 2 known side effects.1. It can cause an upset stomach when too much is taken at one time, or taken too fast.2. When the toxic calcim is released, it is similar to having a deep tissue massage, and the body s first reaction in eliminating these toxins is usually diarrhea. This can be mild to moderate and subsides within 1-2 weeks. The more calcium in the body, generally, the more chance of diarrhea. This is actually a good thing , as the body is processing the calcium out of the system.There are also good ayurvedic herbal capsules to improve the blood circulation and clear the blockages. Capsules like Rudved / Cardoved / Suved / Rasoved etc. are available freely in India over the counter. Angioprim is american product.

QUESTION ID: WBX250UPATGB0LY
QUESTION SUBJECT: What is cloning?  What are cloned?  Why is cloning resorted to?
QUESTION CONTENT: Full details about cloning
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23641
Cloning is the process by which exact copies of a life form can be produced, with identical DNA.  Although cloned sheep have been produced by working with early stages of an egg, the process need not be so sophisticated.Dr. Wilson Greatbacth, inventor of the heart pacemaker, explained in a talk to inventors in Albany, NY, that he was conducting an experiment to clone trees.  Basically, he selected the fastest straightest growing tree he could find of a given species and cut the leaves into small pieces growing identical trees.  This would be a real boon to efficiently grow better telephone poles, straighter and faster or to produce the most popular firewood at less cost to the tree farmer.  Cloning is neither good nor bad depending on the specific application.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74894
Cloning is a method of duplicating the genetic material in two of more organisms.Cloning in plants can allow for many copies of a difficult hybrid.  Cloning in microbes is a waste of time except in the information that this might give.Cloning in animals may have some uses, but considering the possible complications may never be worth it.Perhaps it is not nice to fool Mother Nature.  Perhaps humans should learn more about genetic material before we start messing with it.A chemical experiment gone wrong is usually over in a short period of time.  If the scale is small, the damage, no matter how toxic, is relatively small.A genetic experimant gone wrong might duplicate itself and almost last forever.

QUESTION ID: WDRPZHGLFFIFY27
QUESTION SUBJECT: i have had to claim for dla(disability living allowance)any advice on how to fill in the form?
QUESTION CONTENT: i have recntley undergone a heart op for blocked arteries the doctor told me that i have a heart disease which i shall have for the rest of my life . there is a possiblity that i will have to have furter ops including a heart bypass.can i claim a disabilty and mobility allowance if so any help on filling in my forms.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41524
My advice? Make notes on your worst days ( how you feel, what you can do etc etc ) When you fill in the forms, those are the details you give.  Download the form from the DWP site. Better still find your local welfare advisor at the local council.Help the aged, or DIAL also have people that do this for a living. Get their help. The forms are complicated and repetitive. Never say some days/times I can.... , because you will be refused the benefit.Keep copies of everything you fill in, so you know what you said.Tell your GP you are/have applied. You should get their backing by the sound of it. Write your hosp docs in the place on the form. Good luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41525
Can t properly remember nowbut I filled claims for disability living allowance for my wife some years ago.I found the forms fairly straightforward. All you have to do is answer the questions truthfully. I am sure there where a lot of explanations with the forms I had.I think I had to get confirmation from her doctor of the medical questions asked.Basically the forms are to find out what help or assistance you need to live a reasonably normal life.They range from can you dress yourself,can you feed yourswelf,can you wash.can you get in and out of bed and so on.This is to establish the needs you have to qualify for the care part of the allowance. Mention anything that you do need help with even something quite small. The other part of the form deals with mobility. How far can you walk without discomfort,do you need any form of assistance when walking,do you need a stick or crutches or a wheel chair.Are you frightened to go out on your own. can you use public transport,in fact anything to do with your mobility.The forms ,when submitted are examined by an adjudicator who will advise you of the category you have been allocated for care and the category for mobility.You will also be advised if either of these categories you do not qualify. From these gradings an allowance will be calculated. there are 3 grades of care allowance and 2 grades of mobility allowance.You have the right to appeal if you feel the adjudicator is wrong. Normally the allowance does not start to be paid for 3 months unless the illness or disease is considered terminal.Payments once they startwill be by direct credit to a bank account once every 4 weeks. For the first year you might get requests from the health people for further forms to be filled in as they review newer cases frequently. It is a nuisance ,what they are doing is establishing whether the condition is improving,deteriorating or the same. If the conditions worsen the allowance could well be revised to give a higher grade and with a larger allowance. The forms are a pain but at the end of the day if you don t apply you won t get anything.

QUESTION ID: WEE3OHS24PZ0KLT
QUESTION SUBJECT: anyone who knows why is the walls of the ventricles are thicker than those of the atria?
QUESTION CONTENT: anyone who can exactly explain why is the walls of the ventricles are thicker than those of the atria?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87490
it s simple, the ventricles are bigger altogether as they have to do the actual pumpling to the rest of the body, so it needs to be stronger, so that is why it is thicker. You may also note that the left ventricle has more muscle than the right, and again this is because it has to pump blood to the whole body, whereas the right ventricle only pumps it to the lungs.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87491
On both sides, the lower ventricles are thicker and stronger than the upper atria. The muscle wall surrounding the left ventricle is thicker than the wallsurrounding the right ventricle due to the higher force needed to pump the blood through the systemic circulation.The muscle wall in the atria pumps blood only to the lower chamber (ventricle).  Gravitational pull may help in this process. Hence only less effort is needed. Right ventricle muscle wall pumps blood to the lungs which lies close to the heart while the left ventricle muscle wall pumps blood to the entire body. The thickness of the muscle wall is directly proportional to the effort exerted. Hence any damage to the left ventricle wall is more serious than that of any other part of the heart. Ventricular hypertrophy is the increase in size of the ventricles of the heart. Changes can be beneficial or healthy if they occur in response to aerobic or anaerobic exercise, but ventricular hypertrophy is generally associated with pathological changes due to high blood pressure or other disease states.

QUESTION ID: WGUXPUS6RQZDPG5
QUESTION SUBJECT: How likely are my sister and I to develop colon or bowel cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: Our Mum died of bowel cancer(she ignored the symptoms); my aunt has just been diagnosed with a small colon cancer which fortunately is operable and she will recover. My Mum and aunt are both small women of very light build, neither of whom had a diet rich in either nutrients or roughage. Both had a lot of stress.Mum did put on weight in middle age, aunt is underweight. Sis and I are both taller, fairly lean(I have a little tummy fat); we are 48 and 56 respectively.Our diets are extremely high in nutrients and roughage, we eat loads of fruit and veg, drink lots of water and green tea, eat only lean meats and fish, plus wholegrains. I have recently been tested for bowel cancer and it was negative. We both intend to be tested regularly. How would you rate our chances of getting this type of cancer?So many very good comments so far - all good sense, good information, thanks to those who included links; will be very hard to pick a best answer!I have picked a best answer, but it was very difficult, and I would like to thank those who took the trouble to reply, and to show such intelligence and concern.Just letting you know - my aunty is just out of her operation for colon cancer, and the prognosis is good. Of course at the moment she feels like crap!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 53793
Yeah, I agree with healthwriter.  Guys like Dr. Dean Ornish here http://www.rd.com/content/dr-dean-ornish-column/ says that the more people changed their diet and lifestyle, the more improvement we measured. In order to reverse disease, people needed to make much bigger changes than most doctors had been recommending. Your tax dollars paid for Dr. T. Colin Campbell s studies on nutrition as he worked with the NIH, ACS and AICR for more than 40 years. He used the scientific method to determine the findings written in his book, The China Study. He says things like a good diet is the most powerful weapon we have against disease and sickness on page 3. He says on page 7, people who ate the most animal-based foods got the most chronic disease. Even relatively small intakes of animal-based food were associated with adverse effects. People who ate the most plant-based foods were the healthiest and tended to avoid chronic disease. And, one of my favorites is on page 3, [cancer and disease]all come down to three things: breakfast, lunch and dinner. There s many that will tell you they ate well and still developed cancer.  But apparently it wasn t enough, or they wouldn t have developed an immune system disorder like cancer.  Just remember what Anne Frahm said on page 45 of A Cancer Battle Plan - I had always thought I was eating a good, healthy diet. She ended up with stage 4 metastasized breast cancer.  I m not telling you if you eat well you won t get cancer, but I am telling you that you can dramatically reduce your risk of disease. Ann Fonfa at http://www.annieappleseedproject.com said that it took both diet and herbs to keep tumors from developing, but she unfortuanately didn t find what worked until after a double mastectomy.The best thing you can do is educate yourself and follow guidelines of those with success like Anne Frahm and Ann Fonfa.  And not rush into poisonous therapies unless it s critical - see what works for you first and try to first prevent it and when or if you get cancer, try to reverse it naturally first.  That way you don t end up with some amputation or surgical mutilation and you walk away healthy instead of suffering with the poisonous side effects of drugs like organ damage, fatigue, memory loss, and a high probability of a cancer relapse after your immune system has been rendered helpless.  See my post here for more info - http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20071206065520AAMrqCc&r=w#Gr5pXkD6J08odBr8HX2v .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72380
If you have close relations that have had bowel cancer, then the risk of developing one yourself is higher.  This does not mean that you will definitely get one, however.  Much depends on your diet and lifestyle habits.  I doubt that anyone can truly quantify your chance of getting bowel cancer.  But what you are doing sounds a very pretty and sound plan to me.To keep up-to-date on bowel cancer news and research, you should also read up more about this disease http://www.healthandwellnesscentral.com/Category/Colon-Rectal-Cancer/82

QUESTION ID: WIFKOG0QSADGK60
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to adjust to the news?
QUESTION CONTENT: Hello, I  have just been diagnosed as having diabetes, I am quite shocked and feeling very fed up. Can anyone give me some advice of what to expect what I should or shouldn t be doing, I have read all the leaflets that my drs have given to me but they aren t very clear of what to expect or how to live with it, is my life going to change alot and if so in what ways? any advice is helpfull, thank you Helen xx
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4555
If you eat and exercise properly, it will help a great deal.  If your doctor has put you on medication, take it religiously.  The diabetic diet is very good, too--eat those foors on the food pyramid, in the proper portion sizes.  You should eat three small meals and three snacks in between.  That way, you prevent your blood sugar from fluctuating so much.  Exercise is as important as eating properly.  And remember to drink 8 glasses of water, as doctors normally recommend--it keeps your system flushed out.  It will be hard to avoid sweets, so don t consider yourself a failure if you have one--instead, plan for it.  One serving of carbohydrates is 15 carbohydrates, and you should eat 7-10 servings per day, so check to see how many carbohydrates are in what you re craving, and use that much as part of your allowance.  My nutritionist recommendedthat I use my bedtime snack as the time to satisfy cravings--then I know I can have that to look forward to, and she set my diet up so that I got 1 carbohydrate serving and one milk--a cookie and milk worked very well.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4556
It s not all that bad these days. You ll have to modify your diet, weight and exercise habits as much as you can if they need it. Other than that, take your meds regularly (pills are usually enough without insulin), and check your glucose at home regularly. You ll want to do regular feet inspections, see a podiatrist once a year or so, and get your eyes checked every year or so by an ophthalmologist (NOT an optometrist).And, you ll want to get American Diabetes Association Complete Guide to Diabetes http://www.powells.com/cgi-bin/biblio?inkey=1-9780553589078-0. Read it several times over the next year (ignore the chapters on insulin for now).Learn about the hemoglobin A1C test (Hb A1C) and know your value. http://www.medicinenet.com/hemoglobin_a1c_test/article.htmBut even with all of this, your life should be only minimally affected apart from the life-style changes that you are able to make permanently (temporary imptovements with relapses don t really help - it s whatever permanent changes  you make that matter.Your doctor will likely start you on metformin 500mg twice a day, up to 850mg thrice-daily max. To that I generally add Actos if needed, but Actos (and especially its cousin Avandia, the other so-called TZD s) has become a little controversial lately http://seekingalpha.com/article/37641-fda-wants-black-box-warning-on-glaxo-s-avandia-and-lilly-s-actosHope that helps.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4557
wellllllllll.   being a new diabetic myself,........I encountered a new development in my life.  I used to be warm all my life....all my gal friends and 3 wives thought I was good to snuggle with. now i can t keep myself warm inside. I m cold all the time. I am told it is because of my blood pressure.---I have had to learn new ways to eat. no more white cane sugar. I am using the sweeteners. no more foods with high sugar in them...now I have to read labels.  labels on soups, and every can I pick up.very very little ketchup now because of the sugar in it.  not a lot of salt.no more pigging out on chocolate.  I have very very little chocolate now, due to the sugar.  I have non sugar candies...like tootsie rolls.I still eat pizza but have to watch what s on it.  not allowed a lot of cheese.  have to use 2% milk now instead of whole milk...am I helping?my eyes went to hell on me.  had to get temporary glasses until my first 90 days of this diabetes stretch...for when the doctors say my system should level out...so the eye doctor said he ll keep changing my glasses for me....I use insulin at breakfast and supper.best wishes.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68720
have your doctor schedule a diabetes education class for you and refer you to a nutritionist.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70205
Bookstore!! go get Type 2 Diabetes: TheFirst Year and maybe also Atkins Diabetes Revolution . These 2 books will explain a lot that the doctors and their pamphlets don t bother with.Yes, this is a major lifestyle change!! Change of food plan, change of exercise habits, lots of things. The learning curve is extremely sharp. Take everything with several deep breaths and a walk around the block to clear your mind. Take all this with baby steps!! Quit stressing about it, stress causes higher glucose levels.E me privately for more thoughts than I really can put down here.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70492
Avoid sugar and high amounts of carbohydrates.  Eat balanced meals with whole grain carbohydrates at regular times.  Losing weight helps control diabetes.

QUESTION ID: WLXM5YQGZBZ6GTV
QUESTION SUBJECT: How serious is bacterial endocarditis? Can it be fatal?
QUESTION CONTENT: Does a small VSD make it more serious?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 1064
It is a very serious condition, as stated below: Any infant, child or adult who has congenital heart disease that has not yet been repaired can develop bacterial endocarditis. Some people who have already had a heart defect repaired may also need to take precautions against bacterial endocarditis for the rest of their lives, while others may no longer need to observe these precautions. Heart problems that put children at risk for developing bacterial endocarditis include, but are not limited to, the following:    * Mitral valve prolapse, an abnormality of the valve between the left atrium and left ventricle of the heart that causes backward flow of blood from the left ventricle into the left atrium.    * Prosthetic (artificial) heart valves    * A previous history of endocarditis (even in the absence of other heart disease).    * Complex cyanotic congenital heart disease (due to insufficient oxygen in the blood).    * Surgically constructed systemic pulmonary shunts or conduits.    * Uncorrected conditions such as patent ductus arteriosus, ventricular septal defect, primum atrial septal defect, coarctation of the aorta and bicuspid aortic valve.    * Acquired valve dysfunction, such as due to rheumatic heart disease or collagen vascular disease.    * Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, an enlarged heart muscle that causes impeded blood flow.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1065
Hospitalization is required initially to administer intravenous antibiotics. Long-term, high-dose antibiotic trearment is required to eradicate the bacteria from the vegetations on the valves. Treatment is usually administered for 4-6 weeks, depending on the organism. The chosen antibiotic must be specific for the organism causing the condition. This is determined by the blood culture and the sensitivities tests.Early treatment of bacterial endocarditis generally has a good outcome. Heart valves may be damaged if diagnosis and treatment are delayed.If heart failure develops as a result of damaged heart valves, surgery to replace the affected heart valve may be needed.Check with your cardiologist to see if VSD will effect prognosis.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54795
Yes it is a very serious thing and can terminate the LIFE ! When it is combine with any heart problem even small VSD as you said it is more dangerous ! Please do not ignore and take full treatment! It is a treatable condition.Always YouRsmE

QUESTION ID: WNSY3D24GV5GQ7S
QUESTION SUBJECT: how was the world created?
QUESTION CONTENT: Was the world created by God in seven days, as the Bible says? or was it created out of gas whirling in space for billions of years?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 46113
God? Ha. what s the thumbs down count on the god answers?around 30?God is a child in a grocery store quarter machine with his new personal ball o dimension made by Blammo and he just stands there, staring at it.watch parallel universes under documentaries .http://www.tv-links.co.uk/You might enjoy it.Then we can talk about GOD for now, I ll only consider the gravity of the sun and the beauty of circles.3.14159265358979323846264338....*extra thought*so, we ve got some scientists trying to create their own universe in a bubble only a few inches wide. big bang and all.They claim the dimensions that make up that universe will separate from our own, safely. What if it isn t safe and destroys our universe, creating a new one and a new big bang originating from earth. Will the new life that pops up call our scientists GOD?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14513
Earth wasn??t created. It formed. No deities required.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46114
Six days not seven.You have to decide if you think EVERYTHING THERE IS that we see, touch and taste was an ACCIDENTAL THING or done with INTENT by someone with INTELLEGENCE.As to how it happened, it can be as Science says, except under the Religious theory GOD pushed a button to make it happen while the Randomists say IT JUST HAPPENED.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46115
It was created by gas whirling in space for 4.5 billion years,the result of a super-nova that happened about 3 million years before.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87594
From the evidence we have, all matter in the universe appeared--very hot, very dense--in the big bang , about 13.8 billion years ago. I hopeyou do not expect me to recount all that evidence--expanding universe, microwave radiation etc.     Applying to this event what we know about atomic nuclei tells us that when that matter cooled enough to form atoms, these were mainly hydrogen, some helium and a little lithium. The materials from which planets are made (also, you and me)--elements such as carbon, nitrogen, oxygen and the rest-- --are more complicated, and must have appeared later. Without those elements, no dust would exiss--and no Earth, either, since our planet is largely made up of them.     It is generally held--and again, evidence exists, as well as theory, in which the late Hans Bethe, who just passed away at 98, had a big part--that heavier elements are cooked, in part in the processes which even now power the Sun, but in addition (and especially the heaviest ones) in the sudden collapse of a supernova, which preceded the solar system. That includes such elements as uranium, which decay radioactively. From the radioactive content of moon rocks, they were dated about 4.7 billion years ago, and it is believed the Earth formed around that time, too.     The material from which the solar system formed must have been the cloud of dust and gas left from the supernova (or maybe from more than one), gradually pulled together by gravity. And it must have been swirling even then, because the amount of swirl--angular momentum--is preserved in mechanical systems. Furthermore, astronomers have observed (using the Hubble telescope, among others), disks of swirling dust which presumably mark the birth of other planetary systems, or perhaps systems of binary stars.     That, in a nutshell, is the scientific explanation. We weren t there when it happened (the way the Almighty was, perhaps--see Job 38, v. 4), but we have plenty of evidence. You may also look up http://seds.lpl.arizona.edu/nineplanets/nineplanets/origin.html.

QUESTION ID: WPKZ6WFF82DL3XC
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I increase my vertical Jump?
QUESTION CONTENT: What are some good exercises to do so. I can grab the rim with my 3 middle figures. I want to get up higher to grab boards and block shots, and maybe even dunk after a while. So exsplain some exercises I can do.Thanks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4291
i found this and thought i might helpVertical Leap Exercises - How to Jump Higher Don t do jumping exercises 7 days a week. Four or five days per week is enough. If you do it every day, you may give up after a week or two. The idea is to keep exercising for months, or years, consistently. Note that we have not organized an actual jumping program. Inside Hoops is providing exercises that should help your fitness and leaping ability.WARMING UPBefore starting the exercises, warm up your muscles. Stretch properly, and jog around for a few minutes.If you have a jumprope, use it. Jumping rope definitely helps your conditioning.Running up and down stairs for a while is very useful as a warmup, or a full exercise. Don t do too much or else you may wear our your legs. Use it as a quick warmup, or a full exercise.JUMPING EXERCISESDeep Knee Bends --- Be standing. Slowly bend at the knees while keeping your back straight. Slowly crouch down as low as possible (it shouldn t hurt) and slowly rise back up. Do this 15 times. Over time increase to 20, 30, etc. Deep Knee Bend Jumps --- Be standing. Crouch down as described above but fairly quickly, almost touching your bottom to the ground, then explode upwards as high as you can. The moment you land, immediately crouch and launch back up again. Do this 15 times, and when you can, increase to 20, 30, etc. Toe Raises --- Stand regularly, then raise up onto the tips of your toes. Lower back down. Don t just rock up and down, do it slowly (not too slowly) but steadily. Repeat 30-50 times. Toe-Raise with Weights --- If you have any sort of weights, holding/wearing them while doing these toe raises will help. Use small weights (a mere 5 or 10 pounds is fine) and work your way up. Stomach Crunches --- We believe that sit-ups are bad for your back. Stomach crunches, where while lying on your back, using your ab muscles and keeping your back straight, you rise up just enough to lift your shoulders off the ground, are better. Do them often - perhaps for 10 minutes in the morning and 10 minutes at night. Jumping Rope--- Jumping rope definitely helps your vertical leap. Jump rope while watching tv or something. Make it a habit. Hope that helped :) Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4292
5 sets of 50 calf raises every single day5 sets of 50 squats every single day
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4293
u need to work on your fast twitch muscle fibers in your legs but you dont want too much bulk id say hip sled with weight you can do 10 times (5sets) and try to be explosive also play ball with a weight vest for awhile 10 15 pounds than play without also while trying to lose weight than try to gain some growth you can make your body grow by producing growth hormone you can do this by not eating after 6 and going to be hungry than you body will produce growth hormones if you squat dont full squat only squat as much as you jump the range i mean when you squat dont go full go like i dont know 9 inches or so and throw a calf raise at the end of it. a squat calf raise type thing hope this helps ya
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69896
run stairs every single night
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 79674
Go get Air Alert 3. That is one of best programs I have ever seen. One of my friend increased his ups by 12 inches.- http://www.jerseyshoeshop.com

QUESTION ID: WRDYUJNMBF0A3RE
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can you tell that your heart is healthy?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49484
A cholesterol panel has abosultely NOTHING TO DO WITH THE AMOUNT OF OBSTRUCTION YOUR ARTERIES HAVEAutopsy and angiography/electron beam tomography studies   have   shown NO CONNECTION BETWEEN LDL OR TOTAL CHOLESTEROL LEVELS AND EXTENT OF ATHEROSCLEROSISIN FACT JUST THE OPPOSITE THE LOWER THE LDL THE MORE SCLEROTICThe Cholesterol Theory of coronary artery disease is a complete  SHAM   that started with the FALSE UNPROVEN  IDEA  of Ancel Keys A a matter of fact not only are they UNPROVEN THEY ARE ALSO DISPROVENLISTEN TO THE AUDIO OF DR. UFEF RAVNSKOV HERE:http://www.informyourself.com.au/The%20Cholesterol%20Myths.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49485
Unfortunately, the only way to be sure is a thorough cardiac check up. If you have respiratory problems you cough or get out of breath and if you have GI problems you have reflux or bloody stools, but usually there aren t any obvious symptoms like this with the early stages of cardiac/vascular problems. In about 1/3 of cases, the first marked symptom of heart disease is sudden death -- not a comforting thought, but true. It is never too early to start checking your blood pressure daily and keeping a BP diary. It is never too early to exercise and eat right, keep your weight right and don t smoke. Around age 40, go to a cardiologist for a base line check up; if necessary, complain of chest pain to get your insurance to cover it. If you are younger than 40, keep your eyes open for free or cheap cholesterol screenings. If you become a blood donor, you get a free mini check up each time you donate. .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49486
Cholesterol does NOT cause coronary artery disease.Cholesterol levels have NOTHING to do with obstruction in arteriesThe Cholesterol Theory is a complte shamLook into ANTHONY COLPOCholesterol is NOT  causalCholesterol is NOT causalCholesterol is NOT causalCholesterol is NOT causalThis info is readily available to ANYONE who bothers to actually read the reserach done on thisRead The FULL TEXT NOT abstracts.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49487
Food for the heart1. A balanced diet: adequate calories so as not to put on extra weight, food rich in vegetable fibre and nuts, complex carbohydrates (roots, tubers, lentils, legumes) and low in dairy products, refined sugar, organ meats like liver, brain, etc. Alcohol consumption should be limited up to two small drinks (one drink = one ounce whisky) or two glasses of beer or wine.2. Regular exercise: The beneficial cardio-protective effects of physical exercise come from its control on body weight, blood pressure and the training of muscles to do more work. Physical exercise improves blood sugar levels, decreases harmful Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and triglycerides and raises protective High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. Physical exercise, through increased blood levels of endorphins and nitric oxide, brings physical and mental relaxation and a feeling of well being. Examples of dynamic (isotonic) exercise are brisk walking for about 30 minutes every day, rope jumping, floor mopping, swimming and outdoor games like tennis, badminton and golf. Excuses like weather not being too good to go out or not enough time available can be taken care of by having a stationary cycle or a simple treadmill at home which can be used for 15 to 20 minutes every day.3. Mental relaxation: Each time the mind is stressed, there is a rise in the pulse rate and blood pressure. This high rate of pressure puts the heart under undue strain. Mental stress also results in increased blood levels of adrenaline, nor-adrenaline, fatty acids and blood sugar. Mental relaxation attained through meditation, yoga and music is, therefore, another important ingredient of food for the heart .4. Avoiding smoking: There is enough data available to incriminate the smoking habit to a high incidence of heart attacks, angina, peripheral arterial blockages (leg clandication) and sudden cardiac death. Giving up smoking will not only prevent several heart diseases but also protect the person from lung cancer, chronic bronchitis and cancer of the voice box (larynx), bladder and cervix.Please see Google search for more details on Healthy heart.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49488
goin 2 the doctor and ghettin a check up
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49489
Most people are healthy.By getting regular exercise, not excessively strenuous, and feeling good 10 minutes or so after you stop.  That is an indication your heart is in fairly good health.I had terrible arteries, and needed a triple bypass, but until a month before, I could still exercise very hard, pain free.Do your research on heart healthy living, and follow it.  You should be healthy and happy until you are 90.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 49490
only a doctor can do that by tests there are symptoms  like getting breathless when walking or running  if you think you have heart problems go to doctor  or end up like me triple bypass

QUESTION ID: WRLBCD24306CEVZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do u teach a spoild kid how to behave?
QUESTION CONTENT: i have a 5 yrs old and its getting out of control..... she dosnt listen and she is not afraid of me at oll
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74144
I was your daughter, once upon a time. What my mother did with me was to inform me of the consequences if I did something&then she carried it out...consistency is the only way to deal with this. I was an only child so I had just about everything a kid could want in my room. When I was bad, I was not allowed to play in my room; instead being relegated to the end of the couch in the living room where she could keep an eye on me while she went about her daily chores. There was nothing in this world that I hated more than being made to sit at the end of that couch because there was no TV, no radio, no nothing. I was told that, if I put even one foot on the floor&didn t sit there like a little lady, I would get a spanking...it worked wonders.As for sharing - if your daughter has a problem with it - try the following. If I refused to share a toy with a little friend, my mother would take it from me. She d put it away for later but she would tell me that if I didn t learn to share, she was going to give them away. It was just my mother s luck, I guess, that soon after this first incident, afriend of mine was having a birthday party&my mother had gotten her something that I also had&she knew the girl particularly liked. While it is true that she had to take me home from the party early because I launched into a screaming&crying fit (thinking the girl had been given my toy), you can bet that I learned that lesson immediately :) It wasn t until I was in my thirties that the subject came up one day&Mom realized what was behind my little fit...not fun to have your parent laugh at you when you are an adult :)BTW, a friend of mine uses a variation of the sitting on the couch routine when her child is bad. Difference is, she makes her kid sit on the sofa with the computer, radio&television all in the same room&turned off...drives her daughter crazy. Another friend has a kid who loves video games&, when he is being difficult, she takes them away&lets his brother play them in the other room; within the child s hearing. I, personally, think this is a little mean&somewhat harsh, but it seems to work for her son.I think that is really the trick to getting them to behave in that every kid is different&you have to find out what gets under their skin. Its not to be mean, of course, it is so that you have that leverage that you need to keep them in line. I can assure you that by the time&was six or seven, my mother only need look at me in a particular way&I would not only shut my mouth, but immediately try to make myself invisible. At the same time, I never lived in fear of her...only of her being angry with me...big difference...Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22870
Sometimes spoiled kid s don t behave because they know that either way, their parent s will get them what they want. But as a parent, you need to show your daughter who is in charge and who has to listen to who. If you never spanked her, then punish her by putting your foot down and not getting her what she want s. Once she see s thing s changing, she will listen, and beleive me, no one like s a spoiled kid (specially if they don t like to share). For your own good (and your daughter), try and change thing s, I know you love her, but there are better way s of showing it. Don t make people dislike your child, she s too little!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22871
we can t control any one in the 6th grade (exept me and my friend) so i don t think you can control a five year old

QUESTION ID: WRN5NZO6A6AJWSI
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can you prove evolution of the species is a fact?
QUESTION CONTENT: besides things like cross breading, etc. this is not evolution. Ive never seen proof of one species mutaing into another.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 60190
It is a lot easier showing how evolution works than it is to create something. Species do not mutate from one thing into another, like you see in Pokemon. They adapt very slowly, over many years. Sometimes members of a species may be geographically divided from others, and may adapt under different environmental pressures, and so may eventually become a different species. Look up the Cichlids, a type of fish in Lake Tanganyika, for an excellent example of how this occurs.For more contemporary examples, consider pesticide resistance in locusts and antibiotic resistance in bacteria. If this is too difficult, you should consider Bustersmycat s excellent suggestion of hiding under your blanket until this all blows over, and the last remaining creationist accepts that the world will not come crashing down when you realise that evolution is the only explanation which explains it all. Just as the church did not implode when they accepted that the Earth revolved around the Sun.If you have never seen proof of evolution, it is because your face is too close to the Bible, and it obscures your vision..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2550
Well - first off, in science (of any sort - not just biology) it is *never* possible to *Prove* anything. Only maths deals with proof.However - to answer your question about speciation (or what creationists would call macroevolution ), all that speciation means is that two populations of the same species become unable to interbreed with each other any more. Once this has happened, they are reproductively isolated, and will evolve down different routes, as they can no longer mix their genes.This reproductive isolation has been observed multiple time both in nature, and in the lab (for example, populations of Drosophila fruitflies that have become unable to interbreed any more). See the link below for a detailed list of such observed speciation events.What creationists call microevolution is the observed changes in gene frequency within a population. Since this has been observed so frequently (like industrial melanism of the peppered moth, and the emergence of antibiotic resistance in bacteria), very few anti-evolutionists argue that this doesn t occur.Actual speciation is much rarer, but - as I ve described above - it *does* happen. If you take this speciation, and add in the microevolution of each of the new sub-species, then you ll pretty quickly get your macroevolution , as each of the populations evolves down a different route.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60191
Evolution can t be proved any more than it can be proved that the planets orbit the sun because of an invisible attraction we call gravity (yeah, right, invisible waves move through nothing and pull the planets like a giant string lol), or that little invisible masses called electrons are orbiting atoms and by moving from atom to atom make your computer work (talk about magic!), or that my tv works by receiving invisible magic waves flying across the country from some mountain top antenna.  The theories just fit what we see and help us understand how things work. Doesn t mean any of them are true, but they sure do fit what we see pretty well.Let s all just say the magic hand of god is acting to make all of this happen and crawl back into the caves of ignorance. No challenges there, no need to think.  Believe what you want, it doesn t affect me at all. Pull your blankets over your head, maybe those monsters under your bed will go away.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60192
Yes.  Speciation itself is a long process that we cannot easily observe simple due to the fact we don t live long enough and haven t been paying attention long enough.  We do have stark evidence it did occur though, so here are a few.Exhibit A is the human chromosome 2.  Humans have 46, apes have 48.  The reduction occurred as a result of the ape 4 and 17 fusing together as shown in this diagram.  The banding patterns line up nearly perfectly and the human #2 has a degraded 2nd centromere.  Genomes aren t that stable, fusions and breaks are relatively common in many species.As exhibit B I present the continent of Australia.  No placental mammal are native to this continent (Aborigines brought the dingo).  Evolution, with the help of plate tectonics and the fossil record, clearly show that placental mammals developed after the split with Asia.  Because of this only marsupials and monotremes are native.  I have yet to hear a creationist explanation for this observation.  Despite being the natives, placental mammals have replaced many marsupials species in their ecological niches, ex. dingo replaced thylacine.  New Zealand is also unique in that no mammals are natives.  Instead birds have adapted to fill the ecological niches usually occupied by mammals, ex. kiwi.For exhibit C lets go to something more modern.  The numerous small pacific islands are usually mammal free, with reptiles being the only real predator.  Humans have changed this with the introduction of the house mouse basically everywhere.  Normally a scavenger, the mouse has adapted to beingthe top predator on these small islands.  The second link has an example of this trend.  In this brief time they have quickly evolved to better utilized this role.  They are larger and more vicious than your run of the mill mouse.  Give them a few tens of thousand of years and they ll surely evolve into a new predatory rodent.

QUESTION ID: WRQQCG0FOQITXXF
QUESTION SUBJECT: Has anyones Mum received a diagnosis of breast cancer? And how did you feel/cope?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6273
my mum died from cancer a few years ago you cannot explain the feelings you have when you get the news there is nothing more painful than being told i didn t cope too well turned to drink that s not the way to deal with it believe me time is a great healer and talking about it, i do hope your mum is OK and if she isn t i hope you come through on top
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66261
no but my grandad was diagnosed with cancer 20 years ago and fought it for 17 years before he finally gave up, he went through a lot but still went to the pub daily, even when he had his voice box removed, he still went out. When he passed on he opened his eyes for a moment as if his mam and dad had come to get him as they had passed away on special occasions related to my grandad his mam passed on his birthday many, many years before i was born (i am named after her) and his father went not too long after his mams birthday, i was alive and met him. People all feel different things, some are glad that they actually have a diagnoses, some feel robbed and cheated,some feel that they can now rest and get on with whats ahead. I suppose no two people feel the same. Some people can take it easy and some hard it all depends. Cancer runs in my family, my grandads mam, dad, sisters (2) and many others. It does not get any easier being told another family member has got it but its now sort of the norm in a nasty kind of way. Just do what comes naturally, cry if you want to, get angry, be sad, try to remember good times, and always be true to yourself, do not pretend to everyone else that you are fine when you are not, Take care my regards sarahc81
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66262
Not breast cancer no, my wonderful mum died of lung cancer on January 6th 2007 and it was the most devastating experience i have ever gone through.My way of coping when she was 1st diagnosed was total shock, denial, and out right anger, i hated the world and as bad as it sounds i found myself wishing it was somebody else going through what me and my family were going through and that made me feel like such a selfish, b itch!It was actually my mum who gave me the kick up the backside to get me through, as she was such a strong, no nonsense, plain talking Irish lady, and her laid back attitude was just amazing and somehow made dealing with her terminal illness somewhat easier.There is no hard and fast rules as to how people cope, some people cope really well and can take what ever life throws at them, and some people collapse like a house of cards and really do feel as though they cant go on.My heart really goes out to you and every single person who is going through this right now and I d love to be able to give you all a massive hug, since i cant do that i will send you my love and keep you in my thoughts!Take careJackie. x x
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66263
My Mum Also Had A LumpIt was a very scary time fore us all but we all stuck together and fortunately it turned out to be harmless!However when I was younger my Granny had to have a breast removed because she had breast cancer... its a scary thought knowing its in the family, I dont remember much about her cancer appart from visiting her in ICU and wondering why she only had one breast.My grandad died from prostate cancer 2 years ago now and i still find it hard some days... Although he didnt die directly from the cancer he unfortunately picked up pneumonia for the second time and didnt pull through. Its hard to lose a loved one but and its even harder to lose someone to something so aggresive like cancer!Good Luck To Everyone!And may your lives be fullfilling however long or short they may be!Lovex

QUESTION ID: WTAWKHC58TOBSGZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do the men in white coats want us to believe that the universe was created by a big bang?
QUESTION CONTENT: Is it just me or does that sound stupid?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75369
actually they do not care at all if you believe it or not, they are just highly intelligent people who are using rational evidence to make theories.  i will share with you the most compelling piece of evidence which proves beyond any doubt that the universe is expanding.  and if the universe is expanding... well, it had to start somewhere right? it s just a logical conclusion formulated and agreed upon by very intelligent people, and they didnt just pull it out of their butts.so here is how we know the universe is expanding: the doppler effect. This is an effect observed with waves, most observably with sound and light waves. Basically, it says that waves moving toward you have a shorter wavelength, and waves moving away from you have a longer wavelength. (  (  (  (x)))) -->Kind of like that, the waves are closer together at the front, kind of like they are being bunched up, they are staying closer to the object(x) since it is moving and getting closer to them. This is the Doppler effect. With sound waves, this effect means that coming toward you, sound waves have a shorter wavelength(notice that the distance between each wave is shorter) and a higher frequency(notice that more waves would pass a given point per second since they re closer together) the formula is v=fw where v is velocity, f is frequency and w is wavelength; as you can see, since v is constant(the speed of light) f and w are inversely proportional so when one goes up, the other goes down. This higher frequency results in a higher pitch of the sound. This has been easily observed with sound.  this means that the waves coming from an object moving away from you has a lower frequency.When dealing with light, these differences in wavelentgh and frequency actually leads to a change in color, because the different colors just correspond to different wavelengths of light.(speeds must be very high to observe these changes) When an object is moving toward us, the wavelength is shorter and the frequency is higher, so we observe a blue shift because blue has the highest frequency, and when an object is moving farther away, the frequency is lower and wavelenth is longer, so we observe a red shift, since red has the highest frequency(lowest wavelength, it looks longer, see the diagram i tried to represent above...) Well, we currently observe a red shift in other stars using strong telescopes, meaning that everything in any direction is getting farther and farther away from us and therefore, the universe is expanding.i hope i gave you some insight into some of the observations that are made before such a theory is created.  science has much evidence, which is why it is supported by so many intelligent people. scientists are very skeptical and will not believe anything unless proper evidence is presented to them, and even then will not really believe it, just admit that it may have happened that way. like the big bang theory, we didn t say this is what happened, deal with it , we say hey, it seems from the evidence that this is a possibility and makes a lot of sense... but it s still just a theory. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24070
It s you.The theory has developed over years. Many predictions from the theory have been tested and verified. Even the Pope accepts Big Bang theory as a fleshed-out description of God s handiwork.If the Pope can accept the Big Bang theory I don t think it s unreasonable to keep an open mind about it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24071
I thought the men in their white coats were here for my own safety. Yes, the electroshock therapy went well, doctor... I feel much... better... now......
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29934
becuase that s what they ve studied their whole lives and that s what THEY believe. You can believe what you want to. We all are entitled to our own opinions. :)

QUESTION ID: WUD73NOMVEHC2KJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do UFO aliens find the human anal cavity so interesting?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2270
amazing facts..../////?may be they like to live in dark .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21022
Because you are so much different from us and we like to perform expe.....ohahhh wait a mi....Im not supposed to be telli...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21023
Yes, Life on other planets/Aliens E.T???s /UFO???s are real and here???s my own opinion. Here in yahoo, people give limited answers like ???no I don???t believe in UFO???s because there are no proof or evidence related to the topic???. The UFO subject is one of the biggest kept secret in the American history and the reason of keeping it tothe public is to lessen the panic and other religious groups.Please take time to read and check the links..:)Im not talking about unidentified objects like kite or etc. Im referring to UFO s from other planets of another galaxy/civilization that are capable of traveling here on earth using technology that is way more advance that we could imagine. The bible didn???t mention if there s life out there or none because the Bible is mostly about our relationship with each other and with our faith with God. So there???s a gazillion possibility that there???s life out there, hence the planets in the universe are more than the grains of sand here on earth.Actually, I call them IFO s now. [alien space-craft]because they are now identified and some of them had crashed on earth and they had been here around 1940 s since they were 1st spotted  but government&military cover-up is still present claiming UFOs as to be weather balloons or etc.NOW THATS STUPID. do you think the government can just deny it easily and tell the public that nothing is up there? with millions of people that actually saw it, took pictures and etc?..WE ARE NOT STUPID.And yea, don???t forget Feb 24,1942. Remember the 1942 Los Angeles attack?.. Military officials fired at UFO s, it was like a fleetof UFOs . The military claimed it to be UFO s at first. then the next day, it was published in the newspaper that it was a weather balloon.???.Over 1400 rounds of shell cant drop that weather balloon. FTW.. get outta here.:)Here s the link:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Coast_air_raid http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQmbGMWlL7w Check this guy  who is sentenced for 70 years in prison for hacking NASA computer files and top US organizations about UFO s :http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_McKinnonhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4PkNPCEnJM this one is about Alien Engineering,[scientist studying how UFO???s work]just follow the vids[1-10]ill just post part1:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDsQMZxsNQAAnd finally, here check the disclosure project. its long but A MUST SEE!!:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vyVe-6YdUk to support the link : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Disclosure_Projectin addition, Australia also have their own UFO related stuff.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_Disclosure_Projectadditionally, there were rumors that buzz aldrin, chatelaine, Armstrong and other astronauts saw bases on the other side of the moon since that the other side of the moon faces the Earth always.. who knows?. Here???s the link:http://www.ufocasebook.com/moonstructures.htmlIn conclusion, I think this is the best documentary of UFO???s  overall and I recommend this video for skeptics to watch???Its kinda long but very very very worth your time.http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-5305085298884471236PS: I also suggest you to do some research about crop circles {???Arecibo reply??? is the most important)Btw, in Nov. 16 1974, The Arecibo message is a radio message that was beamed into space at a ceremony to mark the remodeling of the Arecibo radio telescope. It was aimed at the globular star cluster M13 some 25,000 light years away because it was a large and close collection of stars that was available in the sky at the time and place of the ceremony.Link : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arecibo_messageAnd on 2001, there was a crop circle that appeared in a farmland next to the Chilbolton radio telescope; home to the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence Institute (SETI) in Hampshire, UK. It was called the ???Arecibo Reply???link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arecibo_replythanks for reading..I hope you enjoyed it!....THE ABSENCE OF EVIDENCE - IS NOT THE EVIDENCE OF ABSENCE....we aren t alone. think outside the box guys..forget about government cover-ups and conspiracy theories!TRUTH IS OUT  THERE???.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65078
I think it s more that HUMANS find the anal cavity so interesting that they feel the need to add it to all of their fantasies.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65079
They don??t have one. They poop through their nose.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65080
 UFO aliens are not real. people came up with the idea of them AND their  behaviors. When you think about it, humans have been interested in their own anus since they wore diapers. Some just never get over it. its so human that its become the common idea that aliens do butt probing, but more than likely f the can travel light years in seconds then they might understand the electrons that make up our thoughts or our existence and/or soul .....the only thing they could get from our poop is what kind of corn we ate, and nothing much else.poop is poop no matter how you look at it.stick a thumb in that!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65081
loolcoouse they soo gay perverts  they were the ones who took for themselves wifes from the daughter of men  jus tlike the biblegenesis 6  says, ass was before the flood wiil be before the end timealso since they analize bodlly fluids on a normal chekupthey go with the analprobe
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65082
I think aliens are confused about the physical make up of the human body, perhaps they think that the human anal cavity is a pouch where we carry our young like a marsupial, or maybe there just checking to see how clean we are and there just checking for parasitic life forms, or maybe the aliens are just the universes version of frat boys and they pop in to haze the local indigenous life forms, who can say for sure.

QUESTION ID: WUL774Q0ZS64S3O
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is Sea Water SALTY?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 78575
Scientific theories behind the origins of sea salt started with Sir Edmond Halley in 1715, who proposed that salt and other minerals were carried into the sea by rivers, having been leached out of the ground by rainfall runoff. Upon reaching the ocean, these salts would be retained and concentrated as the process of evaporation (see Hydrologic cycle) removed the water. Halley noted that of the small number of lakes in the world without ocean outlets (such as the Dead Sea and the Caspian Sea), most have high salt content. Halley termed this process continental weathering .Halley s theory is partly correct. In addition, sodium was leached out of the ocean floor when the oceans first formed. The presence of the other dominant element of salt, chloride, results from outgassing of chloride (as hydrochloric acid) with other gases from Earth s interior via volcanos and hydrothermal vents. The sodium and chloride subsequently became the most abundant constituents of sea salt.Ocean salinity has been stable for millions of years, most likely as a consequence of a chemical/tectonic system which recycles the salt. Since the ocean s creation, sodium is no longer leached out of the ocean floor, but instead is captured in sedimentary layers covering the bed of the ocean. One theory is that plate tectonics result in salt being forced under the continental land masses, where it is again slowly leached to the surface.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26865
In short, the ocean accumulates a lot of minerals from continued erosion and runoff. When water is evaporated  from the ocean, it evaporates as pure water and leaves these minerals and salts behind in the ocean. This causes a concentrated buildup of salts, minerals, and sediments. Note that there s a lot that isn t really understood about the ocean still - ocean water is surprisingly complex stuff.

QUESTION ID: WV67ZZH8ZC44FTY
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to get rid of BO?
QUESTION CONTENT: What is the effective way of getting rid of BO?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85166
Showering and deoderant on a daily basis.  Some people have to do it more than once depending on how sweaty they are or what kind of job they do.Getting Rid of Body OdorsYou are what you eatThe number one factor in the average person???s odor is FOOD. There is a direct correlation between the quality of food that you eat and your resulting body-odor as the food is processed and distributed throughout your body for energy. Spend just one day drinking nothing but water and staying away from fats and sugars and you will notice a big difference.That being said, there are other possible causes of bad body odor including kidney and liver disease, fungal infections and poor hygiene. If you suspect a medical problem is at the root of your odor then go and see your doctor.Tips for Getting Rid of Body OdorStay away from refined sugar - it feeds bacteria and will increase your body odor many times over. Go for a jog or sit in a sauna. You???ll be stinking it up at first, but after a while you???ll flush out your pores and notice that your sweat no longer stinks. Anti-perspirants work to reduce odor, but they do so by clogging your pores and locking the odor-causing toxins and bacteria underneath the skin. This can lead to underarm cysts and pimples. If all else fails, spot wash with soap and water. Try and stay cool, sweat is a transmitter of the odor. Apply an absorbent powder such as baby powder to your underarms after bathing. A baking soda+water paste applied to the areas of smelliness can help neutralize existing odor. Alcohol and tobacco are known to contribute to foul body odors - cut back on the day of your big date. http://www.howtogetridofstuff.com/health/how-to-get-rid-of-body-odor/
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37772
Taking a shower and wearing deodorant.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37773
take a bath.....if you dont use deorderant dont start it causes the body to become more stinky when  not used... true that people. i have never used it and i have rarely very rarely had any body oder
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85167
take a bath twice a day. The cause of the order maybe a build up of dirt so try scrubbing with a loofa. Don t use a shower jel to scrub your skin, use a antibacterial soap. If it s down there- go see a OBGYN or cut pubic hair.If it s you armpit- cut hair and use deoderant with baking soda.Don t use perfume to mask it- it will make the smell worseIf you re over weight- you have to loose some weight.Stop drinking soda and artificial drinks. Drink lots of water to cleanse your body.Try getting a purge, to clean out your insidesThat s all i can think of now.PS- that was a very brave question to ask.

QUESTION ID: WVIYBBTM1AZIF7B
QUESTION SUBJECT: WHY IS THE SKY BLUE?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 25427
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25421
A clear cloudless day-time sky is blue because molecules in the air scatter blue light from the sun more than they scatter red light.  When we look towards the sun at sunset, we see red and orange colours because the blue light has been scattered out and away from the line of sight.The whitelight from the sun is a mixture of all colours of the rainbow.  This was demonstrated by Isaac Newton, who used a prism to separate the different colours and so form a spectrum.  The colours of light are distinguished by their different wavelengths.  The visible part of the spectrum ranges from red light with a wavelength of about 720 nm, to violet with a wavelength of about 380 nm, with orange, yellow, green, blue and indigo between.  The three different types of colour receptors in the retina of the human eye respond most strongly to red, green and blue wavelengths, giving us our colour vision.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25422
Just take a look at any of the results marked Resolved on this page:http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result?p=why+is+the+sky+blue
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25423
Actually, it isn t blue.It only looks blue. When white light bounces off of an object it reflects back only one of the colors of the visable spectrum- red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, or violet- it absorbs all of the wavelengths of color execpt for those of, in this case blue.So really the sky is every color except for blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25424
the sky is blue because of the sun!!!the sun radiates light tothe earth and this rays is composed of different colors the same as of the rainbow...it contains red,orange,yellow,green,blue,indigo and violet...but they cannot easily enter directly to the earth because we have an OZONE (it filters them)and the stongest of them all is the color blue thats why it can be seen in the sky and in night you cannot see the color blue in the sky coz the earth rotates thus hiding a portion of it from the sun...for added information (the sky reflects the color blue to the sea that s why the sea is also color blue)...i hope it will help you...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25425
STOP IT!!!13th today
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48600
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall outto the ground.  If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.

QUESTION ID: WW4TFZ6PW3PLSTZ
QUESTION SUBJECT: For those that have Glioblastoma, how long have you been diagnosed&what are you being told?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 83951
My wife s GBM was detected when she had a seizure, and from an MRI and CAT scan that followed. It s 13 months now since she was diagnosed. What she was told depended on the progression of the tumor, from her MRI. Initially, about 13 months ago (when the tumor was small--about half inch across) the doctors told her the disease was not curable and her prognosis depended on her reaction to the treatment. At about the 8th month when the tumor had grown unchecked and was about 2 inches across she was told he had about 2 to 4 months worst case and 8 months best case if she reacted positively to new types of chemo. Now, since she has reacted positively to a new chemo that is experimental and her tumor is receding they are non committal, but have stopped making predictions of 2 to 4 months. More recently the doctor said that ina bout 10% of cases (taking this specific treatment ?) she has seen the tumor recede almost entirely.The statistics (from the Internet) are that 50% of patients succumb to the disease in about 12 months and about 5 % make it to two years.  I understand from doctors that some (few) individuals react to treatment much better than  others, but no body knowswhy.I m sorry what I have written could be disturbing, and I hope you do not react adversely to this information. Good luck in your endeavors.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83952
I think this is a more rare cancer...depends on the stage.  I hope it s early and that the treatment works for you.  There s so many types of cancer, lymphoma, leukemia, melanoma, neuro-blastoma, bone sarcoma and soft tissue sarcoma, etc. etc. etc.  Those are only a few I ve learned about since my son was diagnosed with localized lymphoma.  The cure rate for that is very high and we will find out within the next week or two if he s cured and hopefully our ordeal with this will be over.  I only wish it was this short and sweet for many others.  Some are on treatment for years.  The survival rates are high despite how impossible the odds may seem at times.  People have come back from the impossible and survived cancer free, so don t give up hope.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 83953
I dont know where the Glio part is but when I was diagnosed with Medullablastoma at 14 I do believe they said I had a couple years and it has been 7 years since surgery removal, diagnosis and 6 years since end of treatment and I am still here....

QUESTION ID: WWTDZ47I2WEI3YQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is aspartame still a legal food additive?
QUESTION CONTENT: When not one report from anywhere in the world says its safe? in fact its a ant poison that turns to formaldehyde at body temp[eratures and it causes cancer in lab rats. I asked a doctor why they recommend it and she said they do cause its worth billions to the bastards who make it.Member since: April 25, 2006 Total points: 628 (Level 2) Points earned this week:   --% Best answer   rhya0 Best Answer - Chosen by Askerthere are more than 92 side effects of aspartame for your body,,because unlike the saccharine, aspartame dissolves into sollution and deposit within body tissues..these are the side effects of aspartame :Eyeblindness in one or both eyesdecreased vision and/or other eye problems such as: blurring, bright flashes, squiggly lines, tunnel vision, decreased night visionpain in one or both eyesdecreased tearstrouble with contact lensesbulging eyesEartinnitus - ringing or buzzing soundsevere intolerance of noisemarked hearing impairmentNeurologicepileptic seizuresheadaches, migraines and some severedizziness, unsteadiness, bothconfusion, memory loss, bothsevere drowsiness and sleepinessparesthesia or numbness of the limbssevere slurring of speechsevere hyperactivity and restless legsatypic
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 44394
There is no scientific evidence that aspartame is unsafe. It s been studied extensively for about thirty years, so you d think that after all this time if it were that dangerous than more people would have cancer from it. But people who use aspartame don t have any more cancer than anyone else. Your fear is unfounded. And, stories about aspartame are considered an urban legend.Aspartame HOAXhttp://www.trendmicro.com/vinfo/hoaxes/hoaxDetails.asp?HName=ASPARTAME+HOAXAspartame Email Hoax - explains the long list of ailments caused by aspartame is false.http://urbanlegends.about.com/library/blasp2.htmSeems to be alot of people lately worried about aspartame. Here are some of the other questions concerning this sweetner:http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AoersyP_OpN_KIOC6UsnBdXsy6IX?qid=20070626143024AAL9zC4&show=7#profile-info-9Q870Do4aahttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AnDA43sDQOM6j.yd0Ft15Pbty6IX?qid=20070626122823AApdvKA&show=7#profile-info-xF025bpVaahttp://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ApkMtyeKWHOVsZu5YZ1t2EDty6IX?qid=20070626114756AAqIC0T&show=7#profile-info-SIQUuNBKaaBut, if it bothers you that much, just don t use it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87130
I wanted to know this same thing and did extensive research on aspartame-it is approved by the FDA so that would be one report saying it is safe-you would have to cosume ridiculosly high amts of it daily for it to cause the things you speak of-as far as it being an ant poison and turning to formaldehyde-this is is true of some prescription meds as well, a med my co worker takes actually has a minut amt of rat poison in it... i took the medication lipitor and couldnt walk for weeks becasue of severe pain and now have damaged muscles---so there pretty much isnt anything safe

QUESTION ID: WX6J4C2LGA83NZ0
QUESTION SUBJECT: how long does a person with leukemia live with treatment?
QUESTION CONTENT: Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 43161
here are some links to ALL...it depends upon the staging of the cancer and the treatments done . Ask the oncologist..ALL (acute lymphoblastic or lymphocytic leukemia)http://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/all_page?item_id=7049http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/000541.htmhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acute_lymphocytic_leukemiahttp://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/all_page?item_id=9346http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/acute-lymphocytic-leukemia/DS00558http://www.marrow.org/PATIENT/Undrstnd_Disease_Treat/Lrn_about_Disease/ALL/index.htmlhttp://www.cnn.com/HEALTH/library/DS/00558.htmlhttp://www.healthsystem.virginia.edu/uvahealth/adult_blood/aculymph.cfmhttp://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/all_page?item_id=4591 (find support groups..scroll down)http://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/all_page?item_id=4599 (financial help for leukemia/lymphoma)http://survivor-support.rare-cancer.org/child-quick-links.html (child ALL quick links???scroll down to find ALL)http://www.cancer.gov/clinicaltrials/results/asparaginase0502 (results of a clinical trial for ALL)http://www.cancer.gov/clinicaltrials/results/high-dose-methotrexate0501 (results of a clinical trial for children with ALL orNHL)http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct/search;jsessionid=3988BC5ED0ACD698A5A04CD5ED8EBCFC?term=all&submit=Search (ALL clinical trials)http://www.cancer.gov/search/ResultsClinicalTrials.aspx?protocolsearchid=3284420 (ALL adult clinical trials)http://www.cancer.gov/Templates/doc.aspx?viewid=7C5CCBC9-ADAD-4683-8448-E705FB912971&ReqUrl=%2Fclinicaltrials%2Fsearch (ALL child clinical trials)http://www.multiplemyeloma.org/clinical_trials/4.02.html (clinical trials frequently asked questions)http://www.multiplemyeloma.org/clinical_trials/Clin_Trials_The_Basics.ppt (basics of cancer clinical trials (need powerpoint)http://www.multiplemyeloma.org/clinical_trials/Clin_Trials_In-Depth.ppt (cancer clinical trials in depth (need powerpoint)Bone marrow transplantshttp://www.marrow.org/PATIENT/Undrstnd_Disease_Treat/Lrn_about_Disease/ALL/index.html (National Bone Marrow Donor program???acute lymphoblastic leukemia)http://www.marrow.org/ABOUT/Connecting_Patients_w_Donors/The_Registry/index.html (about the National Bone Marrow Donor program)http://www.marrow.org/PATIENT/Undrstnd_Disease_Treat/Lrn_about_Disease/ALL/ALL_Transplant_Outcomes/index.html (ALL transplant outcomes)http://www.marrow.org/PATIENT/Undrstnd_Disease_Treat/Undrstnd_Treat_Opt/Lrn_Clinical_Trials/Find_Trial/index.html (clinical trials by type)https://web.emmes.com/study/bmt/ (Bone Marrow Transplant clinical network)http://www.marrow.org/PATIENT/Plan_for_Tx/Planning_for_Tx_Costs/Financial_Assistance_for_Trans/index.html (financial assistance for bone marrow transplant patients..ie leukemia,etc)Nutrition and Support for cancer patientshttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/MBC/MBC_6.asp? (nutrition for cancer patients)http://www.cancer.org/docroot/MIT/mit_0.asp (supporting cancer patients)3 books on disease symptoms and treatmentsyou could also get these books on ebay or amazon or a half price book store. (last two are very similar).. 1.Oxford Handbook of Clinical Medicine2.Handbook of Diseases (Lippencott)3.Professional Guide to Diseases (Springhouse)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43162
Leulemia is very treatable.Here is where you ll find the best info:http://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/hm_llsBest wishes

QUESTION ID: WXSCCPZDPBD50HY
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to get Marijuana out of your system quick?
QUESTION CONTENT: Ok, so whats the quickest way to get marijuana out of your system, without spending a lot of money??  and how quick does the product work?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3761
Marijuana (THC,weed,pot) is the drug that is more likely to stay in your system for days, weeks, or even months after the last time that you smoke. Therefore, even though marijuana is one of the least harmful drugs out there, it is also the most likely drug to cause you to fail a drug test.Marijuana detox is a big problem if you re worried about a drug test in the near future. The reason for this is that if you leave it to happen naturally, marijuana detox takes a very long time (sometimes an entire month), and usually you don t get anywhere near that amount of warning before you re called in to take a drug test. However, if you need to detoxify quickly, ridding your body of THC, there are a few great Detoxifying Products for removing THC out of your system on the market that can help you getting THC out of your system.Remedies used for a better effect are called marijuana detox programs. In generally, the work of these medication are based upon certain principles: it cleans your hair, urine and blood - the three main system parts where toxins are stored.They are made from all natural ingredients. They contain a unique combination of vitamins, minerals, and herbal cleansers that produce successful results .There are specific preparations which work only with hair, blood or urine, and also there are complex remedies, like detox kits which deal with all of them.Those medications can be used even if you aren t a drug users - just to cleanse your system, and the courses can be repeated as man times as you want to.For instance, most marijuana detox drinks only need you to take an hour or two out of your schedule to use. Essentially, a few hours before you have to go in to take your drug test, you should drink the marijuana detox drink.That is the way to removing TCH out of your system. After drinking the detoxifying formula, however, you also need to drink a lot of water. This water will help you to flush flush toxins and THC out of your system. Essentially, the drink makes the toxins leave your body quickly, but you will need to urinate frequently for the first hour or so after you use the drink just to make sure that you get all of the THC out of your system.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3762
all the fool the test products are not reliable! the only way to insure you pass the dang test is to stop tokin the green!!!weed (thc) is fat soluble and remains in your body much longer than booze which is water soluble.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59449
Marijuana Detox Solutionyou can buy at where they sell herbal products

QUESTION ID: WXZIX75L4EC5JGV
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does the heart beat, theres two chambers right so does each chamber beat at the same time?
QUESTION CONTENT: I was just feeling my hearbeat and noticed it almost feels like the heart has two chambers so to speak, like it beats on the left side then the right then back to the left right etc. Anyone else notice this?yea but can you feel more then one part beat if you put your hand over your heart, can you feel like a little beat just not one big beat after another?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43738
As our whole body works on the principle of the electricity our heart is also working on it ! It has its on power house situated in the upper part of the right atrium first chamber 1 From there the electrical impulse generates and goes down on the specially made heart muscle fibers of the right atrium to the AV node which is situated at the junction of the right atrium and right ventricles .there it divide in right and left branch and finally it spreads on the septum and goes to perking fibers and papillary muscle to make heart chamber to contract!You will surprise to know that heart if seen vertically divided than right heart contain impure blood and left one contains pure blood But while getting co traction two upper chambers and two lower chambers contracts simultaneously !!means upper two contracts lower gets dilatation and when two lower contracts upper gets dilatation! Always YoursmE
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86933
There are 4 chambers of the heart:  left atrium, left ventricle, right atrium, and right ventricle.  The atria contract first (at the same time), which pushes blood into the ventricles.  There are valves between the atria and ventricles (the mitral on the left and tricuspid on the right), and once the pressure in the ventricles is higher than the pressure in the atria, these valves close.  This is the first heart sound.  Then, the ventricles contract, pushing blood into the systemic circulation (i.e. to the aorta, from the left ventricle) and to the pulmonary circulation (i.e. to the lungs, from the right ventricle).  There are also valves between the left ventricle/ right ventricle and aorta/ pulmonary artery, respectively.  When the pressure is higher in the aorta and pulmonary artery than it is in the ventricles, the valves close.  This is the second heart sound.There s a lot more to it than that, so check out some websites if you re interested in learning more.  Hope this info is helpful! :)Also, if you listen closely at night when it s quiet, you can hear the two heart sounds.  The closure of the aortic and pulmonic valves is louder than the closure of the atrioventricular valves, so it sounds like this:  lub-DUB, lub-DUB...

QUESTION ID: WYYKUQFIT7IP1KS
QUESTION SUBJECT: HELP! anyone know how to do projectile motion?
QUESTION CONTENT: Ok so the problem is.A student stands at the top of a building and tosses a soccer ball straight out at a speed of 3m/s.1. How many seconds before it lands?2. What is the ball s downward speed just before it lands?3. What is the ball s horizontal speed just before it lands?my teacher never gave me the height of the building :/ugh i knew something was wrong. see i knew i couldnt solve it without a height so since she didnt give me one i figured there was some equation i dont know about that would give me the height.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6282
Ok.  So you need to use the equation:d= vi*t + 1/2 *a *t^2  Use this for both the horizontal and vertical directions.Since you have not included the height of the building it is not possible to solve this but I will go through the steps.First you know the height of the building so you plug that in as d.   For this case we will use 40 m.d = 40 = vi*t + 1/2 * a * t ^2 = 1/2 * 9.81 * t^2t = sqrt ( 40/ ( .5*9.81)) = 2.85 seconds until landingHere there is no initial velocity in the vertical direction and the acceleration is that due to gravity = 9.81.2.) The balls downward speed is calculated by using the following equation:vf^2 = vi^2 +2*a*d = 0 + 2 * 9.81 * 40 = 784.8 (m/s)^2vf = sqrt vf^2 = 28.01 m/s3.)  The balls horizontal speed will be unchanged from its initial horizontal velocity as I am assuming you are neglecting air friction.Remember the values I have computed are based on a building height of 40 m.  You will have to recalculate for your height.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71538
I can t answer this question unless u give me the height of the building!

QUESTION ID: WZBYF33MYOT6SO1
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you get a book that you wrote published?
QUESTION CONTENT: um...okay..i guess no one knows?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3184
Jessica,Here s what I give everyone who asks this question. Take the time to read what I give you here. When you can do everything I ve stated and do it well, then you re ready to be serious about writing.Read on:Writing a book takes more than just sitting down and putting your idea into words. There are a lot of things that you have to consider.You need a good grasp of the English language. Spelling and Grammar. You will also need to check and recheck your work. Editors are very expensive these days. You need to know how to write an effective ???query letter??? to a literary agent.Can you write a synopsis that will hold the interest of the agent, and want to make him or her ask for the first three chapters of your work?Do you know how to outline?You???ll need to know how to format your manuscript. This includes the fonts thatmost agents, editors, and publishers want. You will need to follow submission guidelines just as they are laid down for your submissions. Anything less will result in your manuscript sent back or destroyed unread.Do you know what Point of View is? (POV) Do you know how to write in First Person Point of View? The can???s and can not???s? Do you know how to write dialogue? How to format dialogue? It???s a good idea to know some of the publishing laws. The use of names and places. These includeoDelivery Of Satisfactory Copy oPermission for Copyrighted Material oGrant Of Rights oProofreading and Author s Corrections oAdvances and Royalties oAuthor s Warranties and Indemnities oCopies to Author oOption Clause      Do you know how to get a ???word count? Do you know what a prologue is? An epilogue? Do you know how both of them are used and why?Do you know what the word ???genre??? means?You???ll need to know how to use the proper ???page set up??? for your work. Margins, indents, paragraphs.Are you prepared to do a lot of ???research??? involving your work? Many professionals such as, doctors, lawyers, nurses, public accountants, judges, architects, bricklayers, engineers, and police officers read, too.Do you know what a plot is? A sub-plot?Can you take rejection and constructive criticism? If you???re easily hurt in the feelings department, then this hobby is not meant for you. Critics will tear you apart or build you up. The best writers in the world ???King, Patterson, Koontz, J.K. Rowling, and many others??? have been torn up one side and down the other. You can???t please everyone.If you decide to hire an editor, remember: Your manuscript will be double spaced, which means there will be twice as many pages. A 600 page novel could cost you around $1800.00, some even more depending on what the editor charges a page.These are the things you must know to work at your craft. But don???t let these things deter you from writing. There are books in libraries and bookstores that can teach you all of these things. Buying these books (if you want to be a serious writer) is the best thing to do. Why? Well, because you can use a yellow marker to highlight all the points of interest. Then you can use the front of the book to make page references to those markings in order to check back on them at a later date, when you need to.You???ll need to get a copyof Writer???s Market for the current year. This has literary agents whom you can send out query letters to. Some of them allow email queries.I wish you the best of luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3185
Edit your book vigorously. Check for all the grammer, punctuation, syntax, etc. Do this more than once, maybe 3-4 times at the minimum. Buy yourself a copy of Writer s Market 2008. I would suggest looking for an agent first, most publishers don t accept unsolicited manuscripts. Send a query letter based on the agency s guidelines. Expect a response maybe 4 weeks to 2 months, these people are swamped. If they agree to be your agent, now find publisher s based on your genre. Also send a query letter-or not, some don t want them- specified to their guidelines. If they accept, great!. Now wait at least 6 or 7 months for it to hit the shelves. But expect rejection. All writers get rejection, just learn to eat it for breakfast and move on. -Collie

QUESTION ID: X20QR25VBMLTBGA
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why mass increases when it moves with the speed of light or near?
QUESTION CONTENT: Einstein in his THEORY OF RELATIVITY says that mass increases when it travels with the speed of light.But my question is why and how mass increases when it travels with the speed of light?Practically it is not possible.If it is,please give me the details of the practical performed.I have a reason for no increase in mass.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77159
yikes, everyone is giving you the wrong formula. it s not e=mc^2. that would be converting energy into mass and back which is done like when subatomic particles crash into each other really fast and such... the mass dialation formula you are looking for is m = m/sqrt(1-v^2/c^2)where m is the mass you would be not moving at the high velocities, m is the mass moving at the high velocities, v is the velocity you re traveling at, c is the speed of light, sqrt means we re square rooting everything in those parenthesis, and ^2 means squared. if you were to plug numbers in for velocity, you can see that this effect is absolutely neglagible unless you are moving very very close to the speed of light. and it is impossible to actually move at the speed of light, because then v^2/c^2 would be 1, and 1-1=0 so you would have a 0 in the denominator of that equation, which is impossible.  that equation is actuallyvery interesting in that it is part of the lorentz factor which also effects time and length. in fact, as you increase speeds close to the speed of light, not only does mass increase, but time moves slower for you and length shrinks.  I ve had to derive these equations in physics class, it s very interesting to do it yourself and come up with the equation proving that things like velocity, mass, and length are affected by velocity.  but again, you need to be going very very close to the speed of light for the velocity to have any effect on these things.as far as practicality, instances of the lorentz factor have been proven. there are these particles that have a certain lifespan before they disintigrate.  so now, we know how fast they are going and we know how long before they disintegrate, so theoretically, we should easily be able to figure out how much distance they cover before they disintigrate, right? but somehow, the particles go a lot farther than they should... if we plug their velocity into the lorentz transformation formula however, and put in how far they should travel (but don t), they we come up with how far they actually do travel.  this proves the validity of the lorentz factor.there is no practical application of the mass increase since objects of great mass would require way too much energy to accelerate to speeds great enough to see this effect, so therefore it can t really happen.. if ever it did though, the only thing this mass expansion would serve to do would be to limit time travel. i mean, if time is slowing down for us at high speeds, technically we could make it slow down so much so that it would be going slower for you than everyone else and so you could basically travel forward in time. but if your mass was expanding and length shrinking, then either the pressure would kill you, or your blood would get so dense it couldnt carry oxygen to your cells and that would kill you, so there goes the time travel thing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25764
The increase in mass in proportion to velocity is noticeable at speeds near the speed of light, but it holds true in the Newtonian domain (low speeds) as well, it s just not significantly measurable at those speeds.  This phenomenon may best be described as an abstract mathematical contstruct arising from the equivalence of energy and mass (governed by the infamous E=mc^2 equation).  You can say it doesn t make common sense, but it must remain constant in both the Newtonian and non-Newtonian (where special relativity is necessary to describe the behavior of the system and the motion of objects in that system) domains.  The Newtonian mechanical description of motion is only an approximation of the mechnics of special relativity, just as classical mechanics is an approximation of quantum mechanics.  Both are accurate for in their respective domains, but one description is true and the other description is actually untrue, just approximate.

QUESTION ID: X22PFK8SXFW2M26
QUESTION SUBJECT: how is gothic novel and subcultre connected with romantism?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 28351
The Gothic novel flourished during the Romantic period in English literature.  Many classic Romantic writers incorporated Gothic elements into their writing in this period.  (See Northanger Abbey and anything by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley.)One influenced the other.  Romanticism emphasized the emotional power of literature and the celebration of feeling words, which led to very strong horror and suspense being written in the period.  Conversely, Romantic authors borrowed from the Gothic tradition to attract readers and form new character archetypes (though I m sure Northrop Frye would argue those archetypes had been there all along.  Ha!  Ah, critical theory humour.  I need to go outside more.)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 80270
The long strange history of the terms gothic/goth:Back all the way to Roman times, the visigoths and the ostrogoths were two germanic tribes that fought with the Roman Empire for European territory.  The goth tribes were damned by the Romans as barbarians.Skip to the Renaissance, where the cultural elite believed that medieval archictecture was barbaric. They called this form of architecture gothic, and the term stuck.Then, in the early 1800s, a style of highly melodramatic prose called horrid novels became popular. This prose usually involved virtuous ladies being abducted by a depraved, yet well-born villian to be eventually rescued by the dashing hero; or perhaps the said virtuous lady might find herself in a castle haunted by malevolent spirits and general weirdness, again to be be rescued. These novels were often set in crumbling medieval castles or churches that were barely more than a few gothic arches leading to the inevitable dungeons. This lead to the term gothic novel or gothic romance and the term gothic acquired its meaning of things dark, dangerous, convoluted and occult. Horrid novels led to both the modern genres of horror and gothic romance, and gothic romances were popular well into the 70s.Finally, the tone and mood of gothic were picked up by the current goths - who often take on the trappings of the horror genre, even including the gothic arches from the medieval churches that the renaissance writers were so down on.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visigothhttp://history-world.org/gothic_art.htm

QUESTION ID: X252UB3PPZ6GAH7
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do features evolve from one generation to next?
QUESTION CONTENT: I m planning to start a biology degree this fall (so should know this, yikes). However, I ve always had a hard time understanding one thing about evolution: how do small features evolve from one generation to the next? How does a species know it needs to change to adapt, to pass that change on to their offspring?For example (I m terrible at wording but hopefully makes sense), hypothetically, let s say humans for some reason all of a sudden needed one arm, logically we d adapt to have 1 arm eventually over a very long period of time, but as we have two arms, how would we eventually produce humans with 1 arm? That s just an example. Another is, an eyeless cave crab, how did they go to being eyeless since they were once crabs with eyes that purely bred with each other? They had to adapt to caves, but what changes took place so they could go from having eyes to their current eyeless status? I hope I made sense, could someone with a science knowledge fill me in?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3827
Natural selection is the blind watchmaker. This means that evolutionary forces do not have foresight or needs In every generation of organisms there is genetic variation that is the result of random mutation. Thereis not a type species, but all variations. Some of these variations may be beneficial in the environment presented to these population of organisms. There is a competition for resources, as organisms produce many more progeny than the environment can support.This results in a natural culling of those possessing less than optimal traits and the success of those possessing the better traits, which they pass to their offspring.The environment selects what traits will be beneficial. This is a simplified version.Go here and get more info.http://www.aboutdarwin.comhttp://www.talkorigins.org
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3828
It has to do with variations in a species.  I ll try to get this right...Ok for the arm thing...Lets say the whole world started killing people with long arms...So only people with short arms lived.  From them on any new offspring that had longer arms than their parents would be killed when they were say...25.  So only people with a small variation in arm length lived.  I think it passes down and down from generation to generation untill the arm length is 0.  I might be wrong...I m only 16 so I don t know a whole lot about it.There are also mutations in DNA...DNA is unimaginably long(as im sure you know)...so it doesn t replicate 100% each time.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3829
You are thinking too much. Nature doesn t per say know anything, it is completely trial&error. Like trying to make lemonade without measuring anything, just eyeballing it. Plant and animal features change over time only because of the mixing of genes. If everything could just split and make perfect copies of itself, you would never get any form of evolution. There has to be a flaw and/or mixing of genes to get even the slightest change in any plant or animal.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62104
I majored in Chemistry in College, minored in Biology.Two things:  First of all, even though evolution is taught in school as fact, it is still an unproven theory.  There is lots of evidence for natural selection, but this is not to beconfused with evolution.  Natural selection provides for survival of the fittest and allows for adaptation within species.  Evolution operates on the premise that a species changes over time to be something else of a higher or more complex nature.  This is still an unproven theory because there is absolutely no hard scientific evidence to show it actually exists.  Matter of fact, it operates in direct opposition to the laws of Physics: Specifically, the law of entropy, which states (paraphrased) that all matter eventually goes toward chaos. You cannot have a theory (like evolution) that says that living things- plants, animals, people - evolve toward that which is higher and more complex when you have physical laws that directly contradict that.  This is why mutations are nearly always bad for the organism they occur on, and are seldom, if ever, passed on to future generations - and often result in sterility. Natural selection may account for some things in your example, but evolution would not.  There is no hard science - true science - to back it up.

QUESTION ID: X25S2CA4JPDR2HS
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many people have Anderson-Fabry disease and if so do you receive treatment and has it helped?
QUESTION CONTENT: http://www.code-9.com/Fun, friendly, family forum with cool arcade
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86357
Anderson-Fabry disease (AFD) is a rare, X-linked lysosomal storage disorder that leads to accumulation of globotriasylceramide throughout diverse cells, tissues and organs of the body. The disease usually presents in childhood, is progressive, and results in increasing disability and premature death. Female carriers tend to be less severely affected. AFD is difficult to diagnose because of its heterogeneous signs and symptoms. Awareness is low among health professionals, and diagnosis is typically delayed for several years after first presentation. Treatment was formerly entirely symptomatic, but enzyme replacement therapy has recently been licensed and management is evolving from genetic counselling and palliative care to early diagnosis and active intervention.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86358
Never heard of ...here are some links to rare disorders...Rare Disorders LinksGenetic Disordershttp://www.sbhsd.k12.ca.us/sbhslib/science/gendisorder.htm (link list and scroll down for specific disease links)http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/bv.fcgi?call=bv.View..ShowTOC&rid=gnd.TOC&depth=2 (genes and disease)http://learn.genetics.utah.edu/units/disorders/whataregd/ (genetic disorders library)http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/geneticsbirthdefects.html (medline plus)http://www.noah-health.org/en/genetic/ (new york online access to health)http://www.ygyh.org/ (your genes, your health)NORD (National Organization for Rare Disorders)- http://www.rarediseases.org/search/rdblist.htmlEuropean Organization for Rare Diseaseshttp://www.eurordis.org/secteur.php3?id_rubrique=1Medical Website links for the General Publichttp://www.eurordis.org/article.php3?id_article=648&var_recherche=peter%27s+anomalyNational Institutes of Health (Office of Rare Disorders)-http://rarediseases.info.nih.gov/Genetic and Rare Disorders Information Center (NIH)http://rarediseases.info.nih.gov/html/resources/info_cntr.htmlCanadian Organization for Rare Disordershttp://www.raredisorders.ca/

QUESTION ID: X2SXZBW3KGRJS3X
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does an ametuer writer find someone to publish their work?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am writing a lengthy book and would like to be able to plan for getting it published. I have NO idea who to contact about it, would it matter if i had an ex-college proffesser recomending me?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3187
I would recommend getting an agent (who will collect a fee), but if you choose to do it on your own and would like to try publishing houses instead of self-publishing or going with Vanity Press, go to the bookstore or library and figure out what books are like the one you wrote. You can find out which publishing house released that book by checking the copyright page. Armed with your list of publishing houses, find out what their submissions guidelines are by visiting their websites. Most houses ask for a few sample chapters, a synopsis, a SASE, and a cover letter. Mail out your submissions, and you should hear back from them. Be patient, however. This part of the publishing process takes a while, since editors are swamped and don t get to check submissions as often as they would like.If accepted and you went out on your own, I would suggest hiring a lawyer, at least, to review the contracts drawn, paying special attention to the rights of the book (rights are broken into segments, where you may haverights to certain things and the publisher has rights to certain things, like media rights, selling to the UK, etc.).I would also not disregard PAPERBACK imprints, either. Paperback imprints are easier to publish with, turnaround time with production is faster, and they are more forgiving with submissions. You may not get paid as much as with hardcover imprints, but it is often easier and can help you get your foot in the door. (For example, one of my authors started out in paperback, and her book was a National Book Award finalist.)And, unfortunately, unless your professor was some big-name author (and sometimes that doesn t help if the writing is poor), a recommendation would not help.Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3188
Go to your local library and look for a book called Writers Market.  It gives you LOTS of information about where to send your work to be published.There are also a number of books on the subject, including one called How to Be Happily Published (or something very much like that).  That s a good one.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3189
Edit your book vigorously. Check for all the grammer, punctuation, syntax, etc. Do this more than once, maybe 3-4 times at the minimum. Buy yourself a copy of Writer s Market 2008. I would suggest looking for an agent first, most publishers don t accept unsolicited manuscripts. Send a query letter based on the agency s guidelines. Expect a response maybe 4 weeks to 2 months, these peopleare swamped. If they agree to be your agent, now find publisher s based on your genre. Also send a query letter-or not, some don t want them- specified to their guidelines. If they accept, great!. Now wait at least 6 or 7 months for it to hit the shelves. But expect rejection. All writers get rejection, just learn to eat it for breakfast and move on. -Collie

QUESTION ID: X2YTNAMOXDMJVKA
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you find the volume of gas?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72916
The volume of a solid remains constant while a liquid seeks a level surface and partially fills a container.  But a gas always expands to completely fill its container.  If the container is a regular object such as a cylinder, you can measure the length and diameter and calculate the volume.  If the container is irregular, you can fill the container with water then measure the volume of water you pour out of the container.  If by gas you mean gasoline, you can measure the volume in a gasoline container that has a scale.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72917
if it is for chemistry or physics, the formula is PV=nRT where P is pressure, V is volume, n is the number of moles, R is a constant, and T is the temperature in Kelvin.  This can be set equal to V by dividing both sides by P:  V=nRT/P    There are different forms of the constant(R) depending on the units you use, the easiest to work with being .0821.   You must convert the units of pressure to atm, the moles will be in moles, the temperature in Kelvin, and you will recieve an answer in Liters.  If you need to convert, you can use onlineconversion.com which converts anything to anything.  If you don t have the moles, you can calculate it by dividing the mass of the gas sample by the molar mass.  (You find the molar mass using the periodic table, adding up all of the masses for each element in the molecule, and this gives you the mass per mole of the gas). This will give you the number of moles.

QUESTION ID: X4HIFLVEQH44VTY
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why all the thumbs down in this category?
QUESTION CONTENT: Come on guys, this should be an open forum. The category is paranormal phenomena.People are asking on here either out of genuine curiosity or concern; because they cannot explain what has happened to them.If you disagree with this subject then ignore it!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 43427
I would guess the thumbs down are because the paranormal category is within the Science&Mathematics category, which is simply bizarre. And the rational people who tend to favor science&math generally aren t enamored with woo-woo mysticism.Here s an apt analogy for paranormal being in Science&Math:  In a darkened room, huddled together on the floor and illuminated only by a flashlight, are a group of kids whispering and trading ghost stories, getting spooked and scaring themselves AND....... just then an adult walks in and turns on the light, spoiling their fun.That s what happens here. An adult from Science&Math walks in on the kids telling their silly ghost stories instead of learning and sharing real and useful things. The adults give the kids thumbs down and vice versa.The problem would be fixed for the most part if Yahoo moved paranormal out of Science&Math, and then the adults won t bother the kids so much. Mythology&Folklore would seem appropriate.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43428
it s thumbs down all round today I m afraid! seems people aren t allowed an opinion these days!!!! it s every category!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43429
I agree-openness will make people happy.Not closedness!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43430
It is not science.Paranormal is an umbrella term used to describe a wide variety of reported anomalous phenomena. According to the Journal of Parapsychology, the term paranormal describes any phenomenon that in one or more respects exceeds the limits of what is deemed physically possible according to current scientific assumptions. For this reason, the scientific community often avoids research on the paranormal, believing that it may not conform to the standards required by the scientific method.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43431
I agree, but theres just no stopping them!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43432
Well, it hardly counts as a category, does it? We already have religion and spirituality!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43433
The thumbs down are because there are a lot of stupid answers, and a number of skeptics that think all knowledge of physics and the universe are known to man. The truth is, if the person answers an open ended question, no matter how much you disagree, you should give them a thumbs up. Because thumbs up means the answer was helpful. Thumbs down should be reserved for people who say Hi, thanks for the 2 pts 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43434
Why the thumbs down?Just about every aspect (ghosts, EVP, orbs, ESP, psychics, etc.) *have* been investigated thoroughly.  The results of the investigations indicate that paranormal phenomena have no basis in fact.  If there is no basis in fact then it is nothing more than superstition and fantasy.Personally I don t care what you people do with your lives or what you believe in, but I see people making decisions all the time based on information offered up by superstitions, pseudo-science, rumors and other means.  That is just plain wrong.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43435
Sorry, no can do,not here, or Society and Culture.Crazy claims will be questioned.Make an argument,there s a lot of us who will  listen.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43436
Do you think I should just ignore it when someone says that a person should get a priest to pray over their obviously mentally ill child instead of taking them to the doctor?  Do you think  I should ignore it when someone claims that bark can cure AIDS?  Do you think I should ignore it when someone claims that there s a black hole in the ocean?  Things that are easily proved wrong and are obviously bad for someone s health should not go unremarked on just because it s someone s opinion.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43437
Anything you can think of (imagine) that isn t possible today will be in due time. Its out there, we just haven t discovered it yet. Examples: Artificial blood and artificial DNA, planets being discovered that are earth-like that could support some type of life, caves discovered on Mars leading to the interior,cars that run on compressed air, meds  that can slow down the aging process, recorded voices of deceased people who have stuck around on earth after death, etc., etc. Things that are paranormal we don t know about do exist, we haven t discoveredthem yet.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54921
How can science be described as alternative? Surely science is science. Anything else is just pseudo-science isn t it?One answer is that of Nobel prize winner and physicist Max Planck, who said, A new scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light but rather because its opponents eventually die and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it The alternative title refers not to some new kind of science, hitherto undiscovered: it refers to a scientific attitude that is the opposite of closed: an approach that is willing to confront anomalous and disturbing data, even when that evidence is deeply traumatic to our settled world view. Alternative science, open science, is the science of Newton, Einstein and Dirac -- it just hasn t had time to become respectable yet.In Alternative Science you can read about dozens of cases of inventors who were ignored or even publicly ridiculed by their contemporaries, but whose inventions are today central to the modern world. You might imagine that such scientific intolerance was historical only and that in today s enlightened, educated world no scientist would behave in such an intolerant way. this is a striking example,:For five years, from December 1903 to September 1908, two young bicycle mechanics from Ohio repeatedly claimed to have built a heavier than air flying machine and to have flown it successfully. But despite scores of public demonstrations, affidavits from local dignitaries, and photographs of themselves flying, the claims of Wilbur and Orville Wright were derided and dismissed as a hoax by Scientific American, the New York Herald, the US Army and most American scientists. EXPERTS were so convinced, on purely scientific grounds, that heavier than air flight was impossible that they rejected the Wright brothers claims without troubling to examine the evidence. It was not until President Theodore Roosevelt ordered public trials at Fort Myers in 1908 that the Wrights were able to prove conclusively their claim and the Army and scientific press were compelled to accept that their flying machine was a reality.  In one of those delightful quirks of fate that somehow haunt the history of science, only weeks before the Wrights first flew at Kittyhawk, North Carolina, the professor of mathematics and astronomy at Johns Hopkins University, Simon Newcomb, had published an article in The Independent which showed scientifically that powered human flight was utterly impossible. Powered flight, Newcomb believed, would require the discovery of some new unsuspected force in nature. Only a year earlier, Rear-Admiral George Melville, chief engineer of the US Navy, wrote in the North American Review that attempting to fly was absurd . It was armed with such eminent authorities as these that Scientific American and the New York Herald scoffed at the Wrights as a pair of hoaxers.In January 1905, more than a year after the Wrights had first flown, Scientific American carried an article ridiculing the alleged flights that the Wrights claimed to have made. Without a trace of irony, the magazine gave as its main reason for not believing the Wrights the fact that the American press had failed to write anything about them. If such sensational and tremendously important experiments are being conducted in a not very remote part of the country, on a subject in which almost everybody feels the most profound interest, is it possible to believe that the enterprising American reporter, who, it is well known, comes down the chimney when the door is locked in his face -- even if he has to scale a fifteen-storey skyscraper to do so -- would not have ascertained all aboutthem and published them broadcast long ago? One way of explaining this odd reluctance to come to terms with the new, even when there is plenty of concrete evidence available, is to appeal to the natural human tendency not to believe things that sound impossible unless we see them with our own eyes -- a healthy skepticism. But there is a good deal more to this phenomenon than healthy skepticism.  In Alternative Science you can read about dozens of cases of inventors who were ignored or even publicly ridiculed by their contemporaries, but whose inventions are today central to the modern world. You might imagine that such scientific intolerance was historical only and that in today s enlightened, educated world no scientist would behave in such an intolerant way.

QUESTION ID: X54S1DS4GTOA8SX
QUESTION SUBJECT: How Do You Know For Sure If You Have A Heart Problem?
QUESTION CONTENT: Im supppose to be in good shape..perfect weight,good blood pressure and clear lungs and strong heart.I have been checked by two doctors and found to be ok.I don t seem to have the symptoms of heart disease but my heart beats funny sometimes.or seems to.I spoke to a nurse that says this is normal.I worry when my heart beats too fast when doing things and then I worry when it seems slow and sometimes I worry when it just doesn t feel right or sounds right .. Is there anyway for sure you can definitely tell there is something wrong.Today I woke hearing the beat sound weird.I got worried and have felt scared all day ,,and couldn t get my mind off of it.It even gave me stomach acid that caused it to skip beats thus adding worry..Is there really anyway for you to know for sure other than the doctor if you are having heart problems or just feeling anxious..Could anxiety be a tip off that you are going to have a heart attack?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53070
You may have anxiety syndrome which is a PSYCHOLOGICAL problem, not a physical one like Heart Disease.  You should see one more doctor ... one who is a good general practitioner/internist and BE SURE to tell him of your anxiety that there s something wrong with your heart, and ask if you should see a psychiatrist or counselor ... and TRUST YOUR DOCTOR.  They re not going to tell you that you re healthy if you re not.  I know ... I ve had two heart attacks and several heart related incidents before those due to the medicine I was taking ... but the heart attacks were separate and different from that.  ONLY MY DOCTOR could tell me that.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 53071
Signs of heart disease or even heart attack can mimic other dieases, even stomach flu, especially if one doesn t suffer from chest pain, as I personally experienced recently.  If you are not sure what is causing your symptons, the best bet is to let your doctor check them out.Your doctor can confirm the diagnosis of heart disease through a physical examination and one or more many available tests, the most common of which are: 1. ECG (Electrocardiogram): During this noninvasive test, electrodes are placed on your arms, legs, and chest to measure the electrical activity of your heart. The test can be performed while you are resting or while you are exercising (called a stress test), to see how the heart performs under both conditions. 2. Echocardiogram: This safe and noninvasive test allows doctors to see the heart, to make sure it is functioning properly. 3. Angioplasty: During this procedure, a catheter is placed through your blood vessels and heart to see how well they are functioning. If a blockage in the vessels is detected, a balloon can be inserted right then and there to open the blockage, and a device called a stent may be placed in the new opening to prevent it from closing again. 4. Thallium Scan: For this test, a radioactive substance is injected into your blood system while you exercise. Then a special picture is taken of your heart to see how well blood is flowing through the heart.Some signs of heart disease are pretty obvious while others are vague, making the condition sometimes tricky to diagnose. Some key signs that your heart may not be working up to par include:  - Shortness of breath - Weakness/fatigue - Leg swelling - Chest pain, especially with exertion - Palpitations (irregular heart beats, skipped beats or a flip-flop feeling in your chest) - Sweating - Weakness or dizzinessSigns of an impending heart attack that should send you immediately to the emergency room include a sudden onset of:  - Crushing chest pain that may radiate down an arm or into your neck or jaw ( it may also feel like discomfort or heaviness in the chest, just below the breast bone) - Fullness, indigestion, or choking feeling (may feel like heartburn) - Shortness of breath - Stomach distress (nausea and vomiting) - Sweating or dizzinessIn heart failure, time is the essence and the earlier it s detacted it s safer and less damaging.  Please go for a cardiologist as soon as you have doubt and DON T WAIT!

QUESTION ID: X602DZ4Z24DG0E4
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I lose 10 pounds a month?
QUESTION CONTENT: And is there any fruits or veggies that ll help me speed up the process? I am so desperate! Please help! How much do I need to exercise?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5184
Exercise is good!! Kudos to you for including it!  Try 20-30 minutes daily of any cardio of your choice.  It could even be putting on some of your favorite music and dancing!With a proper diet and exercise 10 pounds a month is really doable and achievable!If you re serious about wanting to lose weight and get yourself healthy you can take a look at my profile, I use Herbalife products. I can tell you that I really love them and they work well and quick! And, I love that it s purposed/designed so that I don t feel hungry, who???s going to stick to something if they want to eat all the time ya know!In my opinion, (in part) it s not so much about weight sometimes as it is shape. Try to gain lean body mass. I use the shapeworks program and I really enjoy it. It s simple, easy, delicious and nutrition and gives me overall good health! I can also tell you that it s given me a lot of good energy, I feel so great! As I said I do take them personally, I m not trying to solicit anyone, just sharing my experience!It works with all kind of weight issues (lose/gain/maintain) as well as to -reshape- your body with the main benefit of getting you healthy and good overall health and nutrition!  Whatever you choose make sure it s right for you, and good to your body!Good Luck to you!  I wish you all the best
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5185
I would suggest exercising with 30+ minutes of cardio a day five days a week, while eating a healthy diet of fruits, veggies, fish, and lean protein such as baked chicken. 10 pounds a month is a bit much, but it can be done.  I ve done 12 pounds in a month before, but I was borderline anorexic (1000 calories a day )  and was exercising with 60 minutes of cardio 7 days a week.Do like I explained, not how I actually did it! Cause thats not healthy and I look back and think about how stupid it was to basically eat that little.

QUESTION ID: X6Y3IESNHXCDDL7
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many bones are there inside a human body?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43694
A typical adult human skeleton consists of the following 206-350 bones depending on age, though this number does vary owing to a variety of anatomical variations; for example, a small portion of the human population have an extra rib, or an extra lumbar vertebra.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43695
as far as i know at the time of birth the human body has about 350 bones, but by the time when we grew older, some of our bones fuse together to give us around 206 bones.....below is the briefing of adult skeleton--* 28 skull bones (8 cranial, 14 facial, and 6 ear bones); *the horseshoe-shaped hyoid bone of the neck; *26 vertebrae (7 cervical or neck, 12 thorax, 5 lumbar or loins, the sacrum which is five fused vertebrae, and the coccyx, our vestigial tail, which is four fused vertebrae);*24 ribs plus the sternum or breastbone; the shoulder girdle (2 clavicles, the most frequently fractured bone in the body, and 2 scapulae); *the pelvic girdle (2 fused bones); *30 bones in our arms and legs (a total of 120); *There are also a few partial bones, ranging from 8-18 in number, which are related to joints.

QUESTION ID: X7NSMC2YIJELPC0
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can i survive a new, catholic, private school? (grade wise)?
QUESTION CONTENT: I had to go to a new school (catholic, private) because of grades dropping...What are some study tips and paying attention tips? (other then do your homework and dont forget to study )
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 19325
If you don t submit, they ll beat you with a yard stick.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59685
You really have to pull out all the stops when your dealing with catholic school. Being a student of a catholic school means you are dealing with more ambiguous assignment, more self advocacy and much more basic studying and homework. Key elements in this paragraph will be in caps. Once you get through the day of PAYING CLOSE ATTENTION, you will go home and start HOMEWORK immediately. Assignments need to be read and homework should be done throughly as this will only help you towards be successful on your upcoming exam.  After doing homework, STUDYING is a most. study materials that you have gone over. You should have a vague idea of concepts since you payed attention in class. Study your book throughly, unless you do not use it. Use Marginalia in margins to clarify what you are reading and studying for. Make sure you know lectures, class notes, and book before entering an exam. To top everything off always ASK TEACHER what you need help with, especially essay s that need correcting.  Private school is a big step up from public but is so rewarding in the end. I hope this helps, and go  for it!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64947
Here is a recipe for success. Sweeten with less worry.1.Pay attention in class.2. Behave yourself.3. Participate in class discussions.4. Ask questions when you do not know something.5. Have good attendance and punctuality.6.Do your homework properly and well.You will find additional suggestions below for you do your homework smarter and better1.Pay attention in class.2. Behave yourself.3. Participate in class discussions.4. Ask questions when you do not know something.5. Have good attendance and punctuality.6.Do your homework properly and well.You will find additional suggestions below for you do your homework smarter and better.Here are some suggestions.1. Speak to your teachers privately and ask them what you can do to make things better,1. Have all of your materials ready and in the place that you are going to study.3. Study when its quiet. No music, no TV, No headphones, no nothing.4. Do your most difficult subject fist or else you may never get to it.5. Keep a calendar so that you know when a project is due or a test is going to be given.6. Vocabulary is very important. Words have different meanings. You need to know the meaning for the subject that you are taking.7. Study the relationship of things. How isthe topic that you studied related to the unit that you are studying?8. Your textbook has hints for you. Many books have important words or phrases in darkened or colored type, make sure that you know them thoroughly.The sites below are excellent and will give you many other ideas about studying.http://www.d.umn.edu/kmc/student/loon/ac...http://www.studygs.net/http://www.ucc.vt.edu/stdysk/checklis.ht...http://www.ucc.vt.edu/stdysk/stdyhlp.htm...http://www.dartmouth.edu/~acskills/succe...http://www.dartmouth.edu/~acskills/succe...http://www.dartmouth.edu/~acskills/succe...http://www.dartmouth.edu/~acskills/succe...

QUESTION ID: X85IA6IDBD2VD6T
QUESTION SUBJECT: How dangerous is it if all the valves in your heart leak?
QUESTION CONTENT: Last year after I blacked out while driving, I had alot of test done that s when they found an arachnoid cyst on my brain, but they looked at my heart also.  Last year my echo report was that I had mild Aortic Regurgitation, thickened aortic valve, and false pattern of lv diastolic filling.  One year later, the echo was as follows:  moderate aortic regurgitation, restrictive pattern of LV diastolic filling. Mild tricuspis regurgitation, Mild mitral regurgitation, boderline dilated right ventricle, mild pulmonary regurgitation and mildly elevated pulmonary artery systolic pressure.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 85464
You have a dilated right ventricle and elevated pulmonary artery pressure?  Those are not good to have together.  Talk to your doctor about the pulmonary hypertension.  This is a serious illness that is best evaluated by a specialist in dealing with PH.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85465
youre in a not so good situation. ive never heard of a person with so many heart problems.  never thought it was possible.  arachnoid cyst is a cyst inside the layers of the brain which is dangerous considering blood is circulating to the brain.  the cyst blocks the circulation process.  aortic regurgitation and thickened aortic valves are related since blood that needs to be pumped to the body circulation must pass the aorta (end pathway of the blood in the heart) if the aorta is thick, blood is hard to pass through plus the regurgitation makes the blood go back to the heart instead of going to the brain/body parts. thus less blood circulates in the body (which is not good).  all the words pertaining to regurgitation mean the same only in different locations of your heart.  this regurgitation results to restrictive LV diastolic filling which means since blood is going back from where it came from, then there will be less blood going to the body leading to less oxygen provision. now that not so good!when blood enter the heart it passes to valves if the valves are unusually thick then possibly the blood will return, flooding the other blood from the start of the valves giving pressure/ exertion to your heart that is pumping which leads to less blood going to circulationIM NOT A DOCTOR! i just know somethings...

QUESTION ID: X8PLO72OSWEFM4X
QUESTION SUBJECT: -5 - 8 = would i add ? and keep the negative sign  how about  -5 + -8 = what should i do then?
QUESTION CONTENT: I know how to do it its just that the signs  negative and positive that get me messed up if any body could explain the signs rule and when you have to do the opposite and subtract or add. And No, i don t go to school i dropped out and i m in this one program trying to finish high school if you guys would help me it would be nice at least im trying right its very hard for me now trying to get back on track.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84375
think about it this way. minus five AND minus eightnot minus five (minus) positive 8. so, minus 5 and minus 8 = minus 13positive 5 and positive 8 = positive 13minus 5 and positve 8= positive 3positive 5 and minus 8= minus 3Hope that helps
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9243
If you don t understand this you should be talking to your teacher!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84376
-5 - 8. The - sign before the 5 is a negative sign.The - between the -5 and 8 is a sign of operation, subtraction. A plus 8is to be subtracted from a negative 5. When a number is being subtracted, its sign must be changed to the opposite of what it was, so the 8 becomes a negative 8. Now the problem is -5 -8. When the signs are the same, add the absolute values and place the common sign which is negative in front of the answer. -5 -8= -13. The difference between -5  and 8 is -13.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84377
Whenever you have the same sign throughout (say, - or +),you add up all the numbers and put before the total the sign that appears uniformly.e.g., -3-8-5-2 = -18       +3+8+5+2 = +18When you have a mixture of (-) and (+) signs, what you do is, add up the numbers of same sign separately (all positive numbers on one side and all the negative numbers on the other side. Put the appropriate sign before each total). Subtract the smaller total  from the bigger total. Just before the resultant answer, put the sign of the bigger total.e.g., -3 +8 -5 +2 = ?Step1: Sum up the total of (+) numbers:           8 and 2 = +10Step2: Sum up the total of (-) numbers:            5 and 3 = -8Step3: Subtract the smaller total, namely, (-)8 from the bigger total, namely, (+)10:           10 - 8 = 2Step4: Before the above answer put the sign of the bigger total,            namely, +. Hence the answer is +2.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84378
I always think of these things on a scale:Draw a horizontal straight line on a piece of paper.Write zero in the middleMoving to the left is negative (-) and moving to the right is positive (+).So -5 -8 means: Move to the left of the zero by making 5 little pencil marks on the line. You re now at minus 5. (OK so far) then starting from where you finished up move another 8 marks (-8) to the left. Now count the marks from the zero and you should be 13 marks to the left of the zero which is.... -13. So -5 -8 = -13Now try -5 +8:5 marks to the left of the zero and then 8 to the right and you ll find yourself 3 marks to the right of the zero. So -5 +8 = 3 (we should really write +3 but since most numbers we deal with are positive we don t usually write down the +).+5 -8 is 5 to the right and 8 to the left. So +5 -8 = -3Try these:-1 -3-3 -4+4 -8+2 +3-3 +6-5 +2Just use the scale. Anything to the left is negative (-) and to the right is positive (+)I ll show you the first one: 1 mark to the left of the zero (-1) and then another 3 marks to the left (-3) and you will find yourself at -4. So -1 -3 = -4.After you ve done these ask another question and we ll get onto the next step and move away from using the scale to doing it just with numbers and signs (+ / -)

QUESTION ID: XA7CPU7INGIEV34
QUESTION SUBJECT: Describe exactly how the anticancer drug, Cisplatin??, was discovered.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 37526
HISTORY OF CISPLATIN-Cisplatin is one of a number of platinum coordination complexes with antitumour activity. The potential of this compound as an antitumour agent was recognised through an observation made by Barnett Rosenberg and co-workers. Their study had been designed to explore the possible effects of an electric field on the growth of Eschericia coli. They observed the bacteria growing in the form of long filaments, but unexpectedly, they ceased to divide. Months of rigorous equipment checks and testing ensued, to try and explain this phenomenon. It was not until a year later that the cause of the inhibition of bacterial division was pinpointed to an electrolysis product of the platinum electrode ??. This accidental discovery soon initiated a series of investigations and studies into the effects of platinum compounds and cell division.In 1970, further studies performed by Rosenburg and his colleagues revealed that these compounds displayed significant antitumour activity and demonstrated that diamminedichloroplatinum(II), specifically the cis isomer, was extremely effective against sarcoma 180 and L1210 leukemia in mice.The efficacy of the platinum complex as an anticancer agent has now beenestablished in a variety of animal tumour models and in human cancer. Although a number of platinum complexes have since been developed (eg., oxaliplatin and carboplatin), and shown to have antitumour properties, we will be focusing most of our attention on cisplatin. Cisplatin or cis-diamminedichloroplatinum(II) (CDDP) is a platinum-based chemotherapy drug used to treat various types of cancers, including sarcomas, some carcinomas (e.g. small cell lung cancer and ovarian cancer), lymphomas and germ cell tumors. It was the first member of its class, which now also includes carboplatin and oxaliplatin.As a compound cisplatin was first described by M. Peyrone in 1845 (known as Peyrone s salt). The structure was elucidated by Alfred Werner in 1893. It was rediscovered in the 1960s by Rosenberg and van Campet al, who discovered that electrolysis products from a platinum electrode inhibited mitosis in Escherichia coli (E. coli) bacteria. The bacteria grow to 300 times their normal length but cell division fails.In the 1970s, a series of experiments were conducted at Michigan State University to test the effects the cis-diamminedichloroplatinum(II), along with other platinum coordination complexes, on sarcomas artificially implanted in rats. This study found that cis-diamminedichloroplatinum(II) was the most effective out of this group, which started the medicinal career of cisplatin-.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85082
As a compound cisplatin was first described by M. Peyrone in 1845 (known as Peyrone s salt). The structure was elucidated by Alfred Werner in 1893. It was rediscovered in the 1960s by Barnett Rosenberg and van Campet al, who discovered that electrolysis products from a platinum electrode inhibited mitosis in Escherichia coli (E. coli) bacteria. The bacteria grow to 300 times their normal length but cell division fails.In the 1970s, a series of experiments were conducted at Michigan State University to test the effects the cis-diamminedichloroplatinum(II), along with other platinum coordination complexes, on sarcomas artificially implanted in rats. This study found that cis-diamminedichloroplatinum(II) was the most effective out of this group, which started the medicinal career of cisplatin.Approved for clinical use by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1978, it revolutionized the treatment of certain cancers. Detailed studies on its molecular mechanism of action, using a variety of spectrocopic methods including X-ray, NMR and other physico-chemical methods, revealed its ability to form irreversible crosslinks with bases in DNA.

QUESTION ID: XE33CQU3LAIVDGD
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I see a civilian OB-GYN if I have military medical insurance?
QUESTION CONTENT: Like I have posted here before, I am trying to get pregnant and since my husband is in the military, we have Tricare insurance. My job does not offer medical insurance so this is the only insurance we have.  Tricare will not approve for me to see a civilian OB-GYN since we have a military hospital where we live.  The medical care is free at the military hospital.  However I have noticed that anytime I want to see the doctor there, it is always someone different and I can rarely choose the doctor I see.  I had always gotten the feeling that they do as little as necessary for the patients...(they NEVER call me back, won t prescribe anything out of a certain price range, etc.) Then I heard someone who works at the hospital actually say that they do only what is necessary since it is free.  This never mattered for minor things (to cure a cold, etc.)  But I am scared to death to have a baby at that hospital!  Does anyone here know what I can do?  Thanks!I was thinking of this:  My parents live out of town, which is my hometown.  There is no military hospital there.  If I used their address, could I see a doctor in their town?  It is about 80 miles from here.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7229
I know what you mean, I m prior Military and hubby is still active, I feel your pain! However... if you leave near a military base then to see a civilian Doc you ll have to pay for it out of your own pocket. I guess it depends on were you live... but, if your close enough to an other military hospital then you might be able to go there.  I know that the good ol military doesn t pay for fertility help either, that s our issue, so there for, to get help with that we have to pay out of our pocket.  if you don t like your provider you can also request a new Doctor and they have to reassign you to a new one.  with my personal dealings with the military health care (since 97) you have to stay on them, don t let them tell you how you should feel. be aggressive that s the only way to get it done.  my own horror story was....my appendix had ruptured and i went to the military ER they told me it was menstrual cramps!!! then they got blood back and rushed me off to the OR. but as sick as i was I didn t let them tell me how I was feeling!  I know I wasn t that much help but, as long as you live close to base the only way to get civilian care is to pay for it yourself.  hope you and your husband have the child you want, best of luck!ok I don t know how to post a new answer but, that may work, if you change your address to your parents, then you ll have to enroll in tricare west and find a provider in that area that accepts military tricare.... if you want to email me my email address is danceincali25@aol.com
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7230
ALL PATIENTS HAVE RIGHTS. This is called a bill of of as a patient have the right to:Choose your own health care provider.Refuse treatment.Obtain a second opinion.Change your mind regarding a previous decision.Have all information regarding your diagnosis, this includes     Pro s and Con s of suggested treatment.The list goes on.All you have to do is request a gyn doctor. As long as he is in the participating group of doctors that accept your insurance, you have a right to see him. (some doctors may not accept military insurance for various reasons)Write on piece of paper who you are, and why you are requesting to see a doctor of your choice.They have to allow you to choose your health care provider.They just don t advertise this.You can also go on line to the military site for your region and change your primary doctor.     Good luck with everything.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7231
You sound like me! I HATE MILITARY HOSPITALS..lol!Anyways, I do the same thing as what you re saying. For my yearly pap, I go to my parents civilian doctor back home because I don t like seeing a different person everytime.All you have to do is make sure they accept Tricare and you re set! =]

QUESTION ID: XEDQUF478WTMDZS
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you use a tampon???
QUESTION CONTENT: I am too embarrassed to ask my mom, but I am so sick of pads! I feel so disgusting when I use them. I also hate being the one who can t swim when I am on my period!! Please give me a detailed description on how to use them. Thanks sooooo much!!!Amelia Anne
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5962
Go to www.seventeen.com and they have this whole thing about how to insert a tampon. They also have websites, on that website that show you how to insert one
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5963
1.  First, look at the tampon. The larger outer tube that holds the tampon itself at the very end is the top ??? this is the part that is inserted into the vagina. Think ??? top = tampon. The thinner inside tube is the one where the string is showing. This is the inner or bottom tube ??? the part that is used to push the tampon in.   2. Wash your hands. Stand or sit in a comfortable position. Sit on the toilet with your legs apart and lean slightly forward, or try standing with your knees slightly bent. Standing with one foot up on the tub also works for some girls. Most of the time, you ll end up putting in a tampon while you re on the toilet ??? so that s a good place to start.   3. Look at the tampon applicator again ??? you ll see some ridges, this is the finger grip, on the larger tube. With the thumb and middle finger of one hand, hold the applicator lightly on the outer insertion tube at the grip location, with the larger outer tube facing up toward your body and the thinner inner tube pointing down toward the floor.   4. With your other hand, gently separate the folds of skin around the vaginal opening. Put the tip of the larger outer tube of the tampon applicator in the opening of the vagina. Are you still breathing?! Don t forget to! It helps you stay relaxed.   5. The vagina slants upward and toward the back. So, aim the tampon toward a point low on the small of your back (the curved area of your lower back). Now, take a deep breath, let it out, and relax. Then gently push the larger, outer tube of the applicator into the vagina. Stop when your thumb and middle finger are touching the vaginal opening.      NOTE: For flushable (cardboard) applicator tampons, ease in the applicator by slightly twisting or rotating it from side to side. Don t twist a plastic applicator, this slides in best when pushed straight in at the proper angle.   6. Next, put your index finger (or a finger on the other hand) at the end of the inner, thinner tube (where the cord comes out). Push this inner tube slowly until it s completely inside the larger tube. This pushes the tampon out of the applicator and into your vagina. Move your finger from the end so that the string hangs free. Keep your thumb and middle finger on the outer tube grip.   7. Now, holding the tubes (that are now inside each other) firmly but gently remove them from the vagina. (The cardboard tubes can be flushed away.) (IF USING TAMPAX PEARL PLASTIC OR TAMPAX COMPAK, DO NOT FLUSH THE PLASTIC APPLICATOR OR WRAPPER.) Place the used plastic applicator back into the discreet wrapper or wrap it in toilet paper and throw it in the trash.) If the tampon is in correctly, you shouldn t feel it at all. If it feels uncomfortable, it s probably not placed far enough into your vagina. The uncomfortable feeling comes from the tampon rubbing against the muscle at the opening of the vagina. If this happens, remove the tampon and use a fresh one, trying to insert it a little deeper into the vagina.   8. To remove a tampon, relax your muscles. Slowly and gently pull the removal string downward at the same angle you used to insert the tampon. Don???t worry about the string ??? it???s securely sewn throughout the tampon. If you feel discomfort while removing the tampon, it probably means you didn???t need to change it because it hadn???t absorbed enough yet. You may either want to wear a tampon longer next time or use a lower absorbency.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5964
ur embarssd to ask ur mom? dnt use them anyways, they too complicated

QUESTION ID: XEEBP8Y5TX2PN3X
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do u find free death records on the internet?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 59536
This truly depends on where you are trying to get them.  You didn t say what country you are in which truly makes it difficult to help because the world is a big place. I can give you an answer for the U.S. only.If you are in the United States AND the death happened after 1963, the Social Security Death Index is a good place to start, but remember, it is by no means complete. Not everyone appears,  For example, my grandfather had a Social Security Number and was 68 when he died but doesn t appear in the SSDI because he worked for the railroad.  Also, it hasn t been until recent decades that everyone was issued a SSN at birth; therefore, young people might have died without SSN s and therefore aren t listed in SSDI. http://ssdi.rootsweb.comThere is a website online that has made a valiant attempt to put the links of different death index resources in the U.S.  I have found it to be a very helpful site.  You can check it out at http://www.deathindexes.com/Remember, that a death index is different from a death certificate in that it will tell you when and where someone died, but will not list causes of death or burial information. Keep in mind also that most jurisdictions don t have recent death records online. If you are looking for a rather recent death, chances are that you will have to write to the vital statistics office in the county that they passed and request a death certificate.  Each jurisdiction has their own rules and these certificates are NEVER free.  Good luck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2182
This is the only place I know of,http://historyresearch.utah.gov/guides/death.htm#1905-1951hope this helps.

QUESTION ID: XFED2PBL75XH168
QUESTION SUBJECT: What are the symptoms of arrhythmia of the heart and how is it treated?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 62579
When symptoms occur, they may include:Palpitations (a feeling of skipped heart beats, fluttering or flip-flops, or feeling that your heart is running away ). Pounding in your chest. Dizziness or feeling light-headed. Fainting. Shortness of breath. Chest discomfort. Weakness or fatigue (feeling very tired).How are arrhythmias treated?Treatment depends on the type and seriousness of your arrhythmia. Some people with arrhythmias require no treatment. For others, treatments can include medication, making lifestyle changes and undergoing surgical procedures.What medications are used to treat arrhythmias?A variety of drugs are available to treat arrhythmias. These include:Antiarrhythmic drugs. These drugs control heart-rate, and include beta-blockers. Anticoagulant or antiplatelet therapy. These drugs reduce the risk of blood clots and include warfarin (a blood thinner ) or aspirin . Because everyone is different, it may take trials of several medications and doses to find the one that works best for you.What causes an arrhythmia?Arrhythmias may be caused by many different factors, including:Coronary artery disease Electrolyte imbalances in your blood (such as sodium or potassium). Changes in your heart muscle. Injury from a heart attack Healing process after heart surgery.Irregular heart rhythms can also occur in normal, healthy hearts.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4194
What are the symptoms of arrhythmias?An arrhythmia can be silent and not cause any symptoms. A doctor can detect an irregular heartbeat during a physical exam by taking your pulse or through an electrocardiogram (ECG).When symptoms occur, they may include:    * Palpitations (a feeling of skipped heart beats, fluttering or flip-flops, or feeling that your heart is running away ).    * Pounding in your chest.    * Dizziness or feeling light-headed.    * Fainting.    * Shortness of breath.    * Chest discomfort.    * Weakness or fatigue (feeling very tired).How are arrhythmias treated?Treatment depends on the type and seriousness of your arrhythmia. Some people with arrhythmias require no treatment. For others, treatments can include medication, making lifestyle changes and undergoing surgical procedures.What medications are used to treat arrhythmias?A variety of drugs are available to treat arrhythmias. These include:    * Antiarrhythmic drugs. These drugs control heart-rate, and include beta-blockers.* Anticoagulant or antiplatelet therapy. These drugs reduce the risk of blood clots and include warfarin (a blood thinner ) or aspirin . Because everyone is different, it may take trials of several medications and doses to find the one that works best for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18024
i have an arrythmia.  you cant reallytell unless u go to a cardiologist and get tested.  sometimes iguess u could get fluttering, feel faint but get tested!! my mom died from the same arrythmia i have cuz she didnt know
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62580
There are several arrhythmias and the arrhyhmia depends on the symptoms and treatments. However, by and large medication and/or electrical therapy such as pacemakers or albations are the standard.

QUESTION ID: XGFH8U5XXJKFYXK
QUESTION SUBJECT: What is the cervical cancer vaccine for and why do pre- teens/teens need it?
QUESTION CONTENT: Even if your not sexually active? What does it prevent? Who needs it?Thanks
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 5691
The vaccine is designed to give you immunity to a range of viruses generically called the human papilloma virus . Some of these have been linked with the causes of cervical cancer and so this is a way to in theory reduce the risks of developing that in the future. The initial programme is for 18+ at least in the UK, but then it ll be extended to the under 18 s later on. The teenage thing I guess is simply because they don t know when people will become sexually active and thus it s safer to give it at a young age to prevent the virus infection as it can take many years from infection to cancer to occur. Pre-teens is probably because there is always a chance of catching this virus even through non-sexual contact (less likely for the cancer causing ones), and there is some research that people as young as 13 are sometimes sexually active in some areas.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5692
This vaccine is intended to provide protection against the HPV virus, but only for upto 85% of HPV. The main concern however, is that  there has been an insufficient length of time (approx. 5 years) of trials to determine any likely side effects. This and the fact that the trials where conducted by the manufacturerers themselves (Merck and GlaxoSmithKline) and not an independant body, is of concern in itself! Further the age of the study group was 15 -26 years, and yet it is being promoted to girls under 15 that have yet to reach puberty. What effect is this likely to have? Who knows? There are numerous articles on the safety and possible side effects and indeed the long term effectiveness of Gardasil to raise sufficient doubt in ones mind as to the necessity of having this particular vaccine. In all it appears that this drug was rushed through before full approval and in fact the FDA have stipulated for Merck to continue the monitoring and long term trial for girls under 15 years to confirm its safety. For us as parents there is sufficient doubt as to the safety that we postponed getting the vaccination for our daughter, until further studies and information comes to hand. Following are some links to articles on the vaccine which you may wish to read. Ultimately it comes down to a risk evaluation of your own self and if you believe that you may be sufficiently at risk of contracting the disease and the precautions that you may need to take so as to minimise the risk.

QUESTION ID: XGNOC4J4RMJ5GLH
QUESTION SUBJECT: how did these play roles in second world war?
QUESTION CONTENT: -shock tactics-tanks-reinforcement-dive bombersThanx, I need answer by monday morning :]
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5014
the germans used wats blitzkeirg shock tatics to brutally and quickly take over the opponenttanks were used to cover and destroy huge chunks of land and effective with there guns and armour it wasnt easy to take them downreinforcments were in limited nubmers and were used with caution wenever help was needed call them in or retret for helpdive bombers could more esaily hit their targetsand were quiet usefull in naval warfare taking downships kinda hard though
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5015
Tnhe only thing you have hear that is unique to WW2 is the dive bomber.WW1 had bombers but these just dropped bombs in level flight , dive bombers are actually flown and aimed at the intended target.The JU52 STUKA was more of a psycological weapon as it had a loud siren on it called the Trumpet of Jerico that made a deafenning scream as the plane dived, it was also very accurate.Its short fuel range is what let it down.The tank was developed in WW1 and helped break the back of the trench war stalemate.The Germans used the tank as an offensive weapon in set Panzer divisions with troops backing them up. rather than as a support weapon and so the Blitzkreig ( lightning War) was initiated.Every thing else is critical in everywar and usually battles are lost or wion depending on how things like shocktactics, and rienforcements were used or made available.

QUESTION ID: XGO2YF50EP8TZFT
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to fight depression without medications?
QUESTION CONTENT: Goodness, thanks all for the info thus far. I felt depressed in the evening and it will go off after 3 hours or so. Very strange. When it arrives, I felt like crying and my chest feels tight.  I m worried if this continues.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 65169
i recommend seeing a psychiatrist and getting their opinion.. and talk therapy is very beneficial.. the best thing about a therapist is that they don t know you.. therefore they don t have any personal opinions towards you.. so you get honest, unbiased help.. one of the best depression/anxiety relievers i can recommend is exercise.. it takes your focus off what s bothering you and hey it s just good in general.. exercise also releases serotonin, dopamine and a few other nuerotransmitters in your brain.. serotonin deals with sleep and mood regulation and dopamine is related to pleasure and happiness.. those chemicals i just mentioned are the ones that your brain lacks when depressed.. exercise helps to balance them.. this has been clinically proven to work faster and longer than medication.. simply taking a twenty minute walk each day could really help.. exercise also releases endorphins.. the body s natural pain killers.. this is related to runner s high ..i understand you may not be motivated to do a lot.. so start off slow.. just walk for five minutes or so.. then add a minute or two each day and work your way up..other than exercise you could try deep breathing, muscle relaxation techniques, meditation, yoga, listening to music, writing in a journal, or talking to a friend about it.. i also drink ungodly amounts of tea.. haha..get a good social support network.. talk to a friend or family member about how you feel..take time out for yourself each day.. to just reflect, relax, and settle your thoughts.. do things that relax you and that you enjoy.. warm milk also helps to produce serotonin.. so maybe drinking a glass before you go to sleep may help.. this will help if you have trouble sleeping also..try to get at least an hour of sunlight each day.. this also helps to balance your brain chemistry and produces serotonin.. when you lie down to sleep, concentrate on your breathing.. just keep a steady inhale and exhale.. in through your nose and out through your mouth.. this will help to calm your heart rate and hopefully help you sleep.. do this anytime you feel yourself getting anxious also..eat a healthy diet.. and drink lots of water.. if you tend to put yourself down, don t be hard on yourself.. try to make a list of things you love about youself.. if you feel that you cannot make the list, then have a friend or family member make it for you.. when you start to put yourself down or feel bad, pull the list out and read it.. remind yourself that you re special and deserve to feel as such..i hope this helps.. and best of luck..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18153
Stress is a natural experience and part of life. It is how human body responds to a variety of external and internal signals. Find a distraction, sports and physical activity helps you to relax physically and also releases endorphins in the body, which produce a real feeling of well-being. Walking, cycling, swimming, joining a gym or a sports team will all help to relieve stress. Goog luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59706
Get a good sleep and then commit to something that will make a difference in people lives. Work creative things. Deserve to be important. That s all.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65170
keep busy - exercise - eat healthy - do things you enjoy - or that you used to enjoy before you were fighting depression!  Call some friends and have a night out.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 65171
See depression treatments, at ezy-build *(below) in section 2, and consult a doctor, to eliminate thyroid problems, etc. as possible contributing factors: also seek a referral to a therapist using Cognitive Behavioural Therapy, or Rational Emotive Behavioural Therapy. It is your decision, and yours alone, as to whether to take any antidepressants offered, but, before you do, read section 1, and check medications out at www.drugs.com so you will be on the lookout for side effects, like sexual dysfunction. My strong recommendation, however, is to follow the advice of my doctor, his associate, and also Marcelle Pick, OB/GYN NP, and  Dr. Mercola, as well, at http://www.mercola.com and avoid antidepressants (pages 2V, and 2Z refer,&antidepressant websites: page 2). The reasons why we all share the same view on this are explained in full, as you will find, if you read the whole section. All of their advice, (except prayer, because many people are not religious) I have incorporated into the core treatments , including others as options, such as the supplements: Inositol, or SAMe, or herbal remedies, like St. John s wort. If you are diagnosed with clinical (major) depression, antidepressants may be necessary for a while, which will give the treatments time to become effective. The antidepressants themselves need at least several days, or even  weeks to begin becoming effective. It s a good idea to taper off them slowly, with medical advice, after  several months, say, to a couple of years, at most, because they are only effective in the long term for about 30% of people. Because of this, you would be well advised to begin the treatments immediately, and maintain them. I d just thank your mental health care provider, and pocket the prescription, trying the treatments for a few months, to see if they are sufficient for you, before considering filling it (unless clinically depressed, and having great difficulty functioning, or suicidal, in which case I d take them).                                                                                                                If the amount of daylight you have been exposed to recently has reduced, perhaps due to the change of seasons, see Seasonal Affective Disorder (S.A.D.) in section 2, at * http://www.ezy-build.net.nz/~shaneris and, instead of taking 4 Omega 3 fish oil supplements, daily; replace 2 of them with cod liver oil supplements for the winter months only! (or, as probably a better alternative to the 2 cod liver oil supplements: 1 teaspoonful of cod liver oil, with a little butter, to ensure its use; I take mine on sourdough rye bread, or toast, covered with fishpaste, and pepper, to mask the strong taste).  Consider having your doctor test your vitamin D levels.

QUESTION ID: XHBC3A7H7LGAOO5
QUESTION SUBJECT: How long does it take to get mammogram results?
QUESTION CONTENT: I had a mammogram&breast ultrasound performed on Tuesday&Wed.  I have an appointment with my family doctor next Tuesday.  Will she have the results by then?  Would they call me in sooner if it s something serious?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87845
I work in a free standing imaging facility in Northern California.  If an exam done in our office has been dictated out by the radiologist by 4:00 pm, we have the report faxed to the referring doctor by about 9:00 am the next morning.  If an exam is done after 4:00 pm, the report does not get to the referring doctor until two days after the exam was completed.  Most facilities I have worked at average a 24-48 hour turn around on their reports.As for what your doctor will do with the results....that is anyone s guess.  I would assume if you had a study that found an aortic aneurysm, which has the potential to burst and kill you very quickly, your referring would call you right away and advise intervention.  If the results of your breast studies requires a further work up (ie: biopsy), there really is no harm in waiting a week.  This sounds harsh, but if the area they were concerned about in your breast does turn out to be a cancer, it has been there for probably a couple of years.  Another week or two is insignificant in the scope of things.  Do remember that about 1 in 10 screening mammogram patients are called back for additional mammographic views/studies or breast ultrasound.  Most often, that is enough to ensure that you have a benign condition.  Maybe 10% of those patients who are called back need a biopsy.  Of those women, only about 10-15% are diagnosed with breast cancer.   The odds are in your favor.  Best wishes....
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9549
most likely. If she doesn t have the actual report she can call and have the results faxed over in a few minutes.  Most breast lumps are not breast cancer.  good luck

QUESTION ID: XHG5RLR178351NY
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does a breast lump feel?
QUESTION CONTENT: Women aged 20 and above are advised to conduct self breast examination. But how do we know if it s really a breast lump? Ever since I m 15 years old, I can feel a marble like mass in the lowes portion of my breast. Is it a lump? Where part of the breast is really prone for breast lump?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86808
If you have had the same lump which has unchanged for five years, it is obviously a benign (not cancer) condition.  A breast cancer always grows.  Your lump could be many things...encapsuled fat (everyone has fat in their breasts, even if they are very skinny!), a small fibroadenoma, or even just breast tissue which feels lumpy.  I would not think a cyst would persist, unchanged for 5 years.Most breast cancers are found in the upper, outer quadrant of the breast.....upper = above the nipple,  outer = to the side closest to the arm pit.So what are you looking for when doing a self breast exam?  This might help: When doing a breast self-exam (BSE) what you are looking for is a lump that stands out as different from the rest of your breast tissue. Becoming more familiar with your breasts by doing BSE each month will help you tell the difference between your normal ???lumpiness??? and what may be a change. The best time to do BSE is 2 or 3 days after your period ends, when your breasts are least likely to be tender or swollen. If you feel something in one breast that appears unusual or different from before, check to see if it is present in your other breast. If the same structure is in the same place in both breasts, the chances are good that your breasts are normal. If you find a lump a few days before or during your menstrual period, reexamine your breasts when your period ends. http://www.medhelp.org/forums/BreastCancer/messages/127.htmlBest wishes....
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69854
make an appointment with you Gyn to discuss your symptoms.

QUESTION ID: XI3M1MHIPJSQT4U
QUESTION SUBJECT: Does anyone have a loved one with cancer? how do you cope?
QUESTION CONTENT: my mom has a brain tumor and is not doing to well. It is 2.5cm on her left side. She has lost the control of her right side.  It is heart breaking.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 87941
I m so very sorry about your mom.  My sister, who is 7 months pregnant, has just been diagnosed with a 7 cm wide and 8 cm long brain tumor.  She s having brain surgery on Tuesday, we won t know until then if it s malignant, but doctors certainly don t seem to be giving out optimistic advice; they just keep saying how huge it is over and over.I guess I ve been coping by trying to stay positive for her benefit.  She s really strong, but I can tell she s really scared.  Sometimes I just have to go somewhere to be alone and scream, cry, and be mad at the world in general.  I try to do research on the Internet, but everything seems to be written by a doctor for a doctor.  I lean on my friends for support and just try to enjoy the time I have with her.  We usually don t talk about the tumor too much when we re together, but it is the elephant in the room.  I want to pray, but I m not sure I m on speaking terms with God right now (it s only been 2 days).  I think that as family members, we just have to numb and steelourselves when we are around our afflicted loved ones, and have our necessary meltdowns out of their sights.  You just have to hang on to hope, because it s all you can do.Good luck, and all the best to your mom.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87942
My husband died from cancer this March. He fought it for 3 years. He also had a brain tumor on the left side and on the right side of his brain. He had the gamma knife procedure for the tumor on the left side of his brain. It seemed to have worked for a while but I think the steroids were just decreasing the swelling making him able to function. The tumor on the right side gave him very bad headaches. It was surgucally removed. He went on for almost 3 years without any further serious problems. Then it came back to the left side of the brain and caused him to be basically like a baby. It was so hard seeing him like this. Your Mom may or may not be able to have radiation and we were told it is extremely risky to go in after the tumor due to the location. That is why we went with the gamma knife. Thinking back I wish they would have just gone in. In my husbands case cancer took over his body very fast.when it made its return.I wish you and your mom luck. I hope there is something they can do for her even as a temporary solution to get her walking and talking and functioning again. I will pray for a miracle for your Mom.

QUESTION ID: XJFL0JNBOGWF2MV
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to put on the weight?
QUESTION CONTENT: the same question that how to put on the weight?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77382
You need to think about specifically what you want to get out of this.  That may sound silly, but do you really want to be skinny with a pot belly?The fast and binge method or the eat carbs method are likely to put on weight... but in the form of deposits of bad fat that are unattractive, unhealthy, and stubbornly resistant to any effort to get rid of it.  I think what you want to do is build muscle and maybe put a little bit of fat on, but very slowly.  Lifting weight will build muscle, whereas track&field tends to do more calorie burning than muscle building.  So adding in weights and adding more protein to your diet should help a lot.As for eating - eating more small QUALITY meals will put on muscle and keep any fat that gets deposited in small, healthy deposits.  Eating one or two large meals a day will more likely put on bad fat.If you do your workouts and change in eating for a month and you aren t gaining any muscle, you may want to see your doctor about it. There are some conditions that will cause this.Here is how we process calories.When a cell needs protein it will grab any protein available.  Muscle cells need the most protein; however all cells need protein for repair and growth. If there s no protein molecule available, the cell has to wait for one to come by.When a cell needs energy, it will grab any sugar passing by. Note that carbs turn into sugars when digested.  If there is no sugar available, it will get a protein, break it down and use it for energy. If there is no protein, it will do that with a passing fat molecule.In the meantime, fat cells will pick up available fat.   Note that proteins are actually broken down into amino acids during digestion, and fat is broken down into fatty acids (also called triglycerides), the same way that carbs are broken down into simple sugars.If the blood sugar levels get too high, insulin is released which tells fat cells to grab passing sugars and proteins and turn them into fat for storage.  If blood sugar gets too low, the body releases a hormone that tells the fat cells to release some of the fat.  Either the same hormone or another one released at the same time tell your mind that you are hungry.This is why you want to have small meals - that keeps the blood sugars in the middle range and a steady supply of protein.  And you want to not eat unnecesary fat, because it s as likely to go on as paunch as it is to go toward keeping you running.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 69242
eat a lot of meat and fatty food. most woman must envy you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77383
Thats the same problem im having!People have been telling me to eat lots of bacon and peanut butter! They also said to eat pastes and bread with butter,Pasta and lots and lots of meats! Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 77384
get lots of muscle at a gym or something. my friends mom eats those caltine bars that kids in africa will use to gain weight.

QUESTION ID: XKJAELZQKZSZ8LY
QUESTION SUBJECT: how long does it generally take for precancer to turn into cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: i have precancerious lesions due to hpv and i was wondering how fast can cancer start? or how fast can it spread to the point where you won t be able to save your female parts you need for having kids? i have a new doctor that i feel comfortable with and it s been about 2 years that i have had this. i recentley got a new test done that showed i do still have it. so i guess i m hoping that it hasn t spread any where else. please help.i have mild dysplasia or thats what i was told a year ago. so it wasn t actually two years. but i lost my health insurance and thats when i had to cancel my surgery. they were going to give me a laser treatment to answer your how. so now that i m at a new doctor with new insurance i need to get the procedure done.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 41199
Cancer can mover incredibly fast or slow depending on the type of tumors. You have a pre-cancer . . so it could be a rapid progression or slow . .  no one knows . . but, from my experience with a child with cancer . . do not take any chances whatsoever. Delays can cost you your health or your life.We waited almost two weeks from when we realized there was something wrong with our son . . we were waiting for a doctors appointment.His cancer grew and spred within 28 days . . from small to the size of a soccer ball . . and than seeded throughout the body (six large tumors and hundreds of tiny and microscopic implants onto the diaphragm and peritoneal lining). Do not wait.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17292
It could be fast or slow, depending on many factors. YOU can do a lot for yourself right now! Don t leave it up to your doctor. He has hundreds of patients, many of whom need his help much more than you do--until it becomes cancer!Five hundred years ago, people said the world was flat. Today, people say that if the FDA and AMA haven t blessed something, it can t be real good. Well, here s something I know to be real AND good. It s a little different take on cancer treatment--In 1990, I had Hodgkin s Lymphoma, stage 3-B, but I ve survived. My doctors were great people, but they were limited to surgery, chemo and radiation by profitable AMA treatment policy. During the year in treatment, I started learning about alternative medicine. I m a retired engineer, and this is what I ve pieced together--our IMMUNE SYSTEMS become weakened by poor nutrition, lack of exercise and reduced oxygen. Once that happens, our body becomes vulnerable to common STRESSORS. Stressors can be environmental, like viruses, heavy metals, pesticides, food additives, electromagnetic waves or pollution. They can be internal things like emotional or job stress, or poisonous people in our lives. Aging is also a contributing factor. So this means:               WEAK IMMUNE SYSTEM  +  STRESSORS  =  DISEASE  (cancer, diabetes, heart disease, etc.) Our bodies have 60 trillion--yes, trillion--cells, and there are always some mutating into cancer cells, but a healthy immune system kills them before they have a chance to get a foothold in the body. It takes a LONG time, usually, or a high level of stressors, to weaken the immune system to the point where it won t do its job, but once cancer has formed, it will generally spread rapidly.THIS IS IMPORTANT! There are ways to BEAT cancer that are currently being used in Europe and around the world, and there are some great books on the subject. I know because I ve read about 50 of them  from cover to cover. Here s a list of the best ones. Some are out of print and  getting hard to find-- The Cure for All Cancers , ISBN 0963632825 The Cure for All Advanced Cancers , ISBN 1890035165 A Cancer Therapy , ISBN 0882681052 Oxygen Therapies , ISBN 0962052701 Hydrogen Peroxide--Medical Miracle , ISBN 1885236077 The Natural Cure for Cancer--Germanium , ISBN 0533071410 Killing Cancer , ISBN 0705000966 Natural Cures They Don t Want You to Know About , ISBN 0975599518I know of people whose cancer has spontaneously remitted (WENT AWAY for no known reason) AFTER they went on programs of herbs and nutrition to restart their immune systems. You and your family must look out for yourselves to stand a chance of being healthy. This is not a joke, and I m not selling anything--just trying to help.  I am using the things I learned in those books right now to fight off a second infestation of cancer. I ve been at it for over a year now, and think I m going to make it. Use what works for you, and pass on your success. Best of luck.AMA AND FDA--The American Medical Association (AMA) and the pharmaceutical companies control medical law and the FDA in this country with heavy lobbying and a revolving door policy. WHY would they want to do this? It s about the money. In 2006, medicine (doctors, hospitals, researchers and pharmaceutical firms) received 2.1 TRILLION dollars--15% of the total earnings (GNP 13.7 trillion) in the U.S. This is astounding! It means MILLIONS of people worked the whole year just to pay the nation s medical expenses!! That s totally astounding, and just too big to care about individuals. http://www.altcancer.com/vidgal.htm#hoxsey

QUESTION ID: XLNKIQJB01HGRYQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69001
See my answer at http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=AiuwtXHTsE7PLYDLQndGf6Dsy6IX?qid=1005120900659
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21707
It is due to scattering of light by particles present in air. Study a physics text for further details
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21708
Rayleigh scatteringn.The scattering of electromagnetic radiation by particles with dimensions much smaller than the wavelength of the radiation, resulting in angular separation of colors and responsible for the reddish color of sunset and the blue of the sky.hy is the sky blue: DiscussionTransmitted light (from the sun, light bulbs, fire, etc) is made up of a spectrum of colors. The longest wavelengths of light are on the red end of the spectrum and the shortest wavelengths are on the blue/violet end of the spectrum.When transmitted light such as sunlight enters our atmosphere it collides with the oxygen and nitrogen atoms. The color with the shorter wavelength is scattered more by this collision. Because violet and blue are the shortest wavelengths the sky appears to be violet / blue. But because our eyes are more sensitive to blue light than they are violet light, we perceive the sky as blue.Our eyes contain thousand of rods and cones, which are the receptors for light. Whenever one of the 3 Stooges pokes you in the eye you see a giant blue spot. This is because the blue receptors have been activated. Blue is one of the primary colors and thus more easily activated and seen by our eyes.Blue is also how I feel when my baby leaves and my hound dog dies. Also, how I feel when the cops pull me over and I see their blue lights flashing in my rear view mirror. Then, again, blue is the color of the K-mart special, so this color isn t all bad.Why is the sky blue: SummarySo, why is the sky blue? It is because blue light from the sun strikes the air molecules and scatters and our eyes perceive it as blue.Why is the sky blue: Short SummaryWhy is the sky blue, you ask? Blue in sunlight collides with air molecules and our eyes see it as blue. Why is the sky blue: CondensedSunlight collides withair, scatters blue wavelengths.Why is the sky blue: Ultra-Condensed.You are seeing things. Stop asking.

QUESTION ID: XLTLZP4BV5RZS03
QUESTION SUBJECT: how low is too low when it comes to potassium?
QUESTION CONTENT: 2.2 is my reading
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86969
That is too low, normal is 3.5 - 5.0.  You need to go to your doctor.The most important step in severe hypokalemia is removing the cause, such as treating diarrhea or stopping offending medication.Mild hypokalemia (>3.0 mEq/L) may be treated with oral potassium chloride supplements (Sando-K??, Slow-K??). As this is often part of a poor nutritional intake, potassium-containing foods may be recommended, such as tomatoes, oranges or bananas. Both dietary and pharmaceutical supplements are used for people taking diuretic medications (see Causes, above).Severe hypokalemia (<3.0 mEq/L) may require intravenous supplementation. Typically, saline is used, with 20-40 mEq KCl per liter over 3-4 hours. Giving intravenous potassium at faster rates may predispose to ventricular tachycardias and requires intensive monitoring.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86970
2.2 is definitely to low, The normal potassium level is 3.5 - 5.0 meq/l (this is measure used to evaluate the level.low potassium is defend as a potassium level below 3.5 meq/l.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 86971
I don t know about the levels but I know about the results from personal experience. My legs hurt and calves cramp. Wake up in the middle of the night screaming.....  I take lasix and potassium pills. My Dr. told me to take an extra potassium when my legs cramp but don t make it a habit .   The potassium pills are prescription at 1000 mg / cap. When I take an extra I have to sit up in a chair for 30 min.   The good news is that a banana has 750 mg and 8 fl oz of low sodium V8 has 820 mg!  With those you don t have to worry about burning a hole in your stomach.  Adding a banana or other high potassium food to your routine diet would likely help a lot.  Low (or high) potassium can be dangerous.

QUESTION ID: XMLZPEBD54JRQBX
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do I find it so difficult to lose weight? Is it like this for anyone else?
QUESTION CONTENT: I ve been dieting steadily for five months and have only lost three and a half pounds.I have seriously limited my food intake (I have one meal a day -- usually a sandwich. I ve tried many different foods but it doesn???t make any difference). And I ve tried loads and loads of diets throughout my life, but have found that only starving myself works.I can t stand exercise but I walk four miles a day, everyday.I have a very slow metabolism and gain weight very, very easily.Is it like this for anyone else? Does anyone else have a lot of trouble losing weight?Thank you very much for your time.Oh, and if it s relevant, my blood pressure s on the low side and my cholesterol???s fine. It s not that I want to lose weight to be healthier, just that I really hate my physical appearance.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6850
That low metabolism comes from starving yourself.The only way to speed it bakc up again is to excersize more (do cardio-walking is good, but get your heart beating more). Force it upon yoursef if you want results. The hatred of excersize probably comes from lack of energy, because you barely eat anything. also, you need to slowly slowly slowly start to spread your food intake out through out the day (have 4-6 mini meals instead of one big one, but ingest the same number of calories). This revs up your metabolism. Then, gradually increase calorie intake until you are at 1200 AT THE VERY LEAST. Make sure the added calories are from healthy sources (fruit, veg, nuts, seeds, grains, etc.) Luck to you!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 15288
Like someone else suggested...you need to eat more frequently. Cut your sandwich in half. Eat half for breakfast and half for lunch. In between have some fruits, veggies, or yogurt.You should be losing at least that much in a month(depending on your current weight). If you re already thin it s harder. If you are thin you should seek out a personal trainer to get you toned or at least teach you the basics of getting toned.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67284
The absolute best way I ve found to lose weight (and inches) is to do a health cleanse. I just did one after Thanksgiving and my associate just did his second cleansing the first week of January. I lost 3 off my belly and abdomen in the first 3 days. I am a smaller person to begin with and only did the cleanse for nutritional reasons. My associate, lost 17 pounds in 9 days. He definitely lost more becausehe is overweight to begin with. The more weight you have to lose, the more you will lose on the cleanse. Women tend to lose more inches and men tend to lose more weight. No exercise required, although it is recommended. This program is set up for people who are serious about their health and want to get more out of life. I do not recommend it if you aren t committed to being healthier. This is a 100% nutritional way to lose weight. It is actually  healthy for you. When toxins enter your body, they are surrounded by fat cells. The fat cells attach to the toxins and then are distributed throughout the body. Belly fat is a definite sign of toxicity. The health cleanse gets rid of the toxins, which eliminates the fat. When I did my cleanse, I could feel the fat burning off my body. I kid you not. This program is not for children or young adults. It is recommended only for the 20+ crowd.To find out more information, please visit the referring page below. This is the one of only a few programs that I endorse on my site and the #1 weight loss plan. I hold strong convictions about what I recommend because I think so many programs are rip offs and my site promotes healthy products only.  I wholeheartedly advise anyone to try their products and programs. Hope this helps!Carolynhttp://www.lookgreat-loseweight-savemoney.com/Find out more about a health cleanse here:
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67285
http://thyroid.about.com/cs/dietweightloss/a/eatingenough.htmTry the metabolism diet. It will help  you.

QUESTION ID: XMLZVSUPMU7QSA6
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do you know if you have breast cancer w/o going to the doctors?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 45710
In most of the cases the Cancer affected persons will not have any symptoms to know that she/he is affected by the disease. Only in advanced stages the disease show up. However the following may be taken as early symptoms of the disease, but always this may not also come up. Changes in the breast that may indicate breast cancer include:- lump or thickening in breast or armpit- changes in a nipple (thickening, pulling in, bleeding, or discharge)- dimpled or reddened skin over the breast- change in size or shape- abnormality on a mammogramHowever you have to ensure that you are free from the disease by carrying out cancer detection tests by an oncologist periodically say one in a year, based on the risk factors. There are a number of risk factors for the development of breast cancer, including:- family history of breast cancer in mother or sister- early onset of menstruation and late menopause- reproductive history (women who had no children or have    children late in life and women who have never breastfed   have increased risk)- history of abnormal breast biopsies. You should not neglect and ensure that you are free from the disease by regual check ups by an onclogist - AS CANCER IS STILL AN ENIGMA.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 45711
You don t. But there is a self-examination you can perform that will help detect suspicious lumps.

QUESTION ID: XMNGTIIW6NJ4QQT
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can i write a letter to a friend who was recently diagnosed with cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: a close family friend (who s still in university) just got diagnosed with cancer. i can confidently call her one of the strongest and genuine people i have ever met- i knew this even before i found out about her sickness. i want to write a letter to her, not just for my condolences but also to make her stronger and happier on her journey. I ve never known anyone in such a situation before, though, and don t know what to say. please give me some tips.sorry, didn t know about the condolences part; this is all quite new to me. thanks for pointing that out!ps: does anybody know what it feels like to go through chemo and radiation therapy? She will be going through it, and is very worried about it. i, however, don t understand why, exactly- i only know it s a horrible experience. any insight would be appreciated.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 39696
From someone who has recently been diagnosed&now going through radiation, after surgery&chemo, it s a long journey&any&all communication&support was greatly appreciated.  Just keep it very sincere, upbeat, positive, supportive, etc.  No pity, just that she will beat it&that you will pray for her or do what you canto support her in this.  List her strong characteristics as you did on her, suggest to her to go back&read the letter on occasion to give her strength on those really difficlut days.  Let her know more than anything tha tyou believe in her, her decisions&that you are only a phone call away if needed for moral support, to talk, to laugh, etc.  God Bless!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39697
Shall be keeping an eye on this question. We all would like to know as there are more and more people being diagnosed with the dreaded disease. We have to keep our fingers crossed that it is not us. God bless you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 39698
PLEASE LISTEN TO ME.  Please stop the chemo therapy.  Doctors dont want you to know of the alternative medicines that can actually cure cancer.  If a doctor tells you the alternative medicines, they will be out of a job.  How much does it cost for chemo therapy each time you take in those chemicals?  This medicine is better and only $75 dollars a bottle.  Each bottle lasts a month.  You take an ounce per day, and after each dose, you eat a banana or eat potatoes. its called CESIUM CHLORIDE. The problem with chemo therapy is that they always say that they never know how each person will be affected by the chemicals.  You could die the next day, or you can die in a month.  BUT, you cannot live past 2 years.  So, its not a good garauntee that you will extend your life for 2 years.  The reason is because chemo therapy is a toxin.  A poison that kills your body.  And if it kills the cancers before it kills you then you are cured.    And if the cancer dies before you die, you probably wont live past 5 years.  Because even after the cancer is killed, your body is completely deteriorated.  I bet you cannot ask 100 people who knew someone who went to chemo therapy and lived more then 5 years after defeating cancer.  You might get lucky and find like 2 people.  What are your chances that you will be that 2 lucky people that live?   So, how good of a cure can chemo therapy be?      The key to defeating cancer is all over the net.  But the people who sell these alternatives cannot say on their labels that their medicines cure cancer.  It is against FDA rules.  The reason is because if this is done, then doctors, hospitals, and pharmaceautical companies cannot make any money.  So, according to FDA, it has to be stated on the bottles that it is for vitamins only, etc etc.       You can go find these medicines and take care of your cancers in 3 to 12 months.  Just listen to me as I dont make anything off of this.  I am only here to help.  I am sick of these doctors and big companies making money off dyng people.  Doctors wont tell you either.  Its against their rules.  Well, gee, they were ones who created these rules, so go figure.  I  believe there were like alot of medicines that take care of cancers.  There is a top 10 list somewhere.  I think cesium chloride is listed number 1 or 2 on the list.       I found a good bottle of this on www.nutrition2000.com.  I think this was the address.  You can always search the internet.  Get the one that contains rubidium (I think this is how it is spelt).  This helps your body absorb the medicine.  Good luck my friend.  And please pass this information to everybody you know that needs it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47935
Just be there for her..to support her as a friend...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85678
Be careful with your choice of words. Condolences are for someone whose loved one has DIED. She is not dead, she is only sick. Tell her to call  you if she needs to talk, needs a ride to chemo, the grocery store, or just to hang out. And actually do the things you say you ll do.

QUESTION ID: XNHPKIYP5USEE7P
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do Iose 20 pounds by summer?
QUESTION CONTENT: I know its very healthy. I m 5 6 and 154 lbs. I ve been always chubby, cute chubby though. I m not overweight. I need answers telling me SPECIFIC things not just oh just diet and exercise Ye, I know that. Like what are the things I should eat, how I should exercise etc. This summer, I wanna put on an Abercrombie tank top and not feel like I look fat. If you shop at Abercrombie, you know how thin their tank tops are. Thanks in advance!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 63809
Diet and Exercise are EssentialHere is how to do this. You are chubby because you have a slow   metabolism which you need to speed up. Here is a list of things that will help you loose from 20lbs-and up before summer even starts. -Wake up with A cup of cold water (get system running)-Wake up and after the cup of cold water, take a mild cold shower. (Burns Calories and speeds metabolism)-Do regular basis activities or all responsibilities-Run 20 min on treadmill with ipod (burns fat, speeds metabolism)-Sit ups (builds abdominals, targets fat in that area)-Get in involved in sports that you enjoy not regular training in the gym or straight treadmill cardio, but sports that you have a passion for such as basketball, soccer...etc. (boxing recommended)Do this 5days a week--MOST IMPORTANT ASPECT -The only diet that is actually required for weight loss is something that is low in nutrients because your body feels deprived and your metabolism actually slows down which then when you go through the diet for a certain  pd. of time your body can t hold on any longer and you start to over eat and all calories gained turn straight to fat, meanwhile you were on the diet, all weight that was lost was water. Eat plenty of good carbs such as, fruits, cereal, all grains such as spaghetti, (bread is not bad for you), and proteins such as turkey, white mean chicken, FISH;...avoid duck, or anything fat with grease.-stretching is mandatory-do not eat any food 4hours before you go to sleep*****Results*****=You will automatically feel differently, your life will feel a lot more complete, education and school work will rise. You also won t recognize your self and your body. It will start to seem thiner, stronger, full of energy, while being thin.Good Luck email me for any questions. ;)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4894
I understand completely where you are coming from, so I ll do the best I know how:To exercise.....go to the sporting good shop and buy you a pair of 10 pound hand weights. While there, pick up a pair of 5 pound velcro fastened wrap around weights for your ankles. And maybe a floor mat that you can lie on if you would like. Then go online and hit Google. Type in Exercise Routines and browse the hits for sites that show you pictures and describe each exercise. Look for exercises you can do at home, like floor exercises. You can do arm curls and toe touches and tummy crunches, and a bunch of others depending on what area you want to work on. When you find a site you like......Bookmark the page or print it out so you can refer to them later. You re suppose to start out small and increase repetitions as your muscles get used to the toning process. Start a routine of say 10 or 15 repititions for the first week, then increase that to 15 or 20 the next week, and 20 or 15 the week after that. If you like to walk, you could start power walking, I hear people who like that sort of thing reap tremendous benefits from it.As for dieting, my best advice basically is to develop good eating habits. Eat good , unfried, NON Fast Food. Eat fresh veggies, fresh fruits, fish and chicken, beef on occasion. Get your protein, and take your vitamins. And drink milk because it s good for the system. If possible, avoid a lot of candy and junk, but every once in a while it won t hurt you.I ve been there and done that, and I wish you good healthy results like I had.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63810
You want to come up with your own diet and exercise plan, you need to own it and you need to stick to it, there is plenty of info on the net and part of owning this is you getting it and organising it. You want to set smaller objectives to measure progress, say 11/2 pounds a week loss. It will give you a degree of comfort up front that you can make the longer term goal and stick to it. Buy the Abercrombie top now and keep it handy, look at it often, but not to the point of obsession. So start now, what are you having for dinner...?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 63811
Sounds like you re motivated so you won t have any dramas. As you know the magic formula is that you have to use up more calories than you consume to lose weight. It s just physics.  So you can eat less, eat better, exercise more or speed up your metabolism.I ve found jogging and cycling to be the best (and quickest) fat burners. You can achieve the same thing dancing vigorously around the house for 20-30 minutes listening to your ipod. Move, move move. You can also swim and walk.  Try to mix it up a bit.  Someone above had excellent advice about floor exercises at home.  You will see benefits from these within a week!  I started doing serious crunches and push ups a bit over a week ago and my stomach is already flatter (still got a way to go, but any progress is good!).  You can do arm and leg toning exercises too.  As for eating, don t have any junk food at home.If you can only chose an apple or low fat yoghurt then that s what you ll have.  Eat about 5 small meals a day and don t go into starvation mode or your metabolism will slow down.  I try not to eat after 7pm because this is when I binge. By saying no after that time I ve cut down a lot of calories.  The best things to eat are the least processed foods. So fresh fruit and vegies, lean meat, wholegrain breads.  If it helps you can keep a calorie diary so you know what you re eating in a day (it can be easy to forget things - calorie amnesia lol).Good luck and enjoy the tank top!!  Oh, and maybe look at getting a fake tan if you re pale, that can make you look a couple of pounds lighter!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68257
Walking and doing housework is the best exercise for losing fat and ensure that your diet does not include any high calorie foods. Formulate your own weight loss plan and you will lose weight faster. From http://myweight.info

QUESTION ID: XNHZFMQRBPUC6CF
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can i loss wieght the right way?
QUESTION CONTENT: i wanna get in shape, but i dont know the first thing about being healthy. does anyone know how to diet and get wieght off fast? what kind of exercises are best for women in there mid 20 s?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7067
Here are a few tips:1.  You MUST exercise if you want to lose weight and keep it off, so do something every day, even if it???s just a 15-minute walk around the neighborhood.  Don???t say you don???t have time for exercise; you have to MAKE time.  Yes, it takes time and effort, but you???re worth it, right?2.  Walk as much as you want, but don???t do cardio for more than 40 minutes at a time.  If you do, you risk burning muscle instead of fat.3.  If you do strength training, use light weights and do lots of repetitions.  That???ll really help you ???tone up.???4.  Your diet will make you or break you.  You have probably learned bad eating habits over time (most people do).  That???s not your fault, but now you have to deal with it.  Make a commitment to yourself to unlearn those bad habits and re-learn better habits.5.  Eat breakfast every day within an hour of getting up.  People who don???t are 450% more likely to be overweight.6.  Eat six small meals or snacks per day instead of three squares per day or one big meal per day.  Your body expends energy digesting your food, so eating smaller portions more often keeps your metabolism running high because you???re constantly digesting food.7.  Avoid these as much as possible:-- Trans fat (any type of partially or fully hydrogenated oil)-- High fructose corn syrup (soft drinks are LOADED with it)-- Fast food-- Junk food-- White sugar, white flour, white rice, white potatoes-- The deadly C???s (cookies, cakes, candy, chips, cola)8.  Build your diet around these trim-body-friendly foods:-- Nuts, any kind (almonds are best)-- Beans/Legumes-- Fresh vegetables (green is GREAT!!!)-- Dairy products (as long as they???re low-fat or non-fat)-- Eggs-- Lean meats (fish and poultry top the list)-- Olive oil-- Whole grain breads/cereals/pasta-- Fresh fruits (anything that ends in ???berry??? is a winner)-- Tea (green tea or black pekoe tea)-- Cold water or ice water (your body has to expend extra calories to heat it up)9.  Desserts and treats are the exception, not the rule.  Having said that, however, (1) you can have a couple of pieces of chocolate every day ??? just don???t overdo, and (2) Allow yourself one ???cheat meal??? every week where you eat and drink whatever you want as long as you don???t gorge yourself.  That???ll help keep you from feeling deprived and it???ll make it easier to stick with your new healthy eating plan.Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7068
The biggest mistake that people make when trying to lose weight is trying to lose it fast. It took years for you to gain the weight, so you should allow yourself the time necessary to lose the weight. First thing is to cut sugar, artificial sweeteners, high fructose corn syrup, dairy, refined wheat, and hydrogenated oils out of your diet. Small changes accumulate into big changes over time. As far as exercise is concerned, winter is a tough time to start an exercise program, as the nature of winter is one of contracting  energies. It is far better to start in the spring as nature starts to expand and you can use those tendencies to help you stay motivated. (This is one of the reasons that new year resolutions to start exercising so often fail). Start with realistic goals, don t rush it, and if you fall off of your regimen, don t use it as an excuse to stay off. Remember, a wise man once said, If man made it, don t eat it. (Jack LaLane).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67578
first the question is do you actually need to lose weight? or is it some kind of distortion you have. second if you do need to lose weight get your drs advice so you can lose it healthfully and not do any harm to your body. what you really need to do is eat heathy, all of the food groups, not leaving any of them out. just in moderation. fill up on low calorie items such asfruits and vegetables. skip on the fruit juices. exercise. eat until you are satisfied, not full. make sure you eat breakfast. exercise regularly, not more then 6 times a week. drink water and other no calorie beverages. i hope that helps.

QUESTION ID: XNUQ7DC3MPI87MN
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does metal spark in the microwave?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72907
The short answer is: Microwaves bombard the metal with radio waves (electrons). Where that energy builds up, it can build to the point the energy will arc to another spot. Works great with crumpled foil, or CD-ROM s you don t want to use anymore. Quoth Wikipedia: ... the pointed ends of the fork will act to concentrate the electric field formed at the tips. This has the effect of exceeding the dielectric breakdown gradient of air, about 3 megavolts per meter (3??106V/m), causing sparks to form. This effect is directly analogous to the effect of St. Elmo s fire. P.S. According to Mythbusters, you CANNOT damage your microwave by putting metal objects in it for short periods of time. You would have to microwave metal a LOT for it to overload the magnetron and cause damage (most magnetrons in consumer microwaves have overload protection anyway). Try microwaving a CD you don t need anymore upside-down in your microwave for 2-5 seconds, and watch the miracle of radio lithography (just don t do it to the point the plastic melts, or who knows what kind of toxic fumes you might release from the plastic).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21624
Although you should not try it at home, as you can damage your microwave trying, not all metal (theoretically) will spark in a microwave.  It should require metal with a point, defect or sharp edge.  Metal with one of those features can spark because the microwaves cause a current[1]to flow in the metal, which causes a difference in the electrical potential[2]at a point (usually a edge, defect or point) in the metal object, and sparks may occur between areas of high negative and high positive electrical potential.

QUESTION ID: XP6XK77XLFL7V02
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did the Lusitania and the Zimmerman telegram affect the American view of the war?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74637
The sinking of the Lusitania, a passenger ship that was sunk in 1915 by German submarines cost over 100 American lives.  This type of warfare was called unrestricted submarine warfare because the submarine would attack with torpedos while submerged, thus any non combatants would be at risk.  President Wilson warned the Germans to stop the unrestricted submarine warfare or the US would enter the war. The Germans wanted to keep the US out of the war so they stopped the unrestricted submarine warfare. German submarines continued attacking ships, but if the ship was not a warship they would surface and give the crew and any passengers an opportunity to get in life boats before the ship was sunk.  With Russia dropping out of the war in 1917, Germany felt a big push on the Western front and all out submarine warfare would end the war quickly.  They resumed the unrestricted  submarine warfare hoping to end the war before the Americans could get to Europe in sufficient numbers to make a difference.  The Zimmerman telegram was sent from Germany to Mexico in March 1917 and was intercepted by the US, and published in newspapers throughout the country.  It disclosed that Germany was proposing an alliance with Mexico, with Mexico to receive territory she lost during the Texas Revolution and the Mexican War.  This telegram was the straw that broke the camels back and President Wilson who had tried very hard to keep the US out of the war changed his mind and the US declared war in April 1917.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23326
It definitely pushed the US into entering the war. The sinking of the Lusitania caused the people to realize that even if they didn t enter the war they were still going to be affected by it. The Zimmerman telegram was a message from the Germans to Mexico suggesting an invasion of the US by the Mexicans. Obviously the suggestion of an attack on America didn t go over to well with the government or the people leading the US into war with Germany.

QUESTION ID: XPISPT3EGC2I60Q
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you calulate excess burden?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 11150
While the new tax laws have a number of provisions, at their heart is a reduction in personal income tax rates, and that will be my main focus. I begin with a truism: taxes impose a cost on the taxpayer. It is tempting to view the cost as simply the amount of money that he or she pays to the government. However, this is only part of the story. A tax distorts economic behavior--in general, consumers buy fewer taxed goods and more untaxed goods than otherwise would have been the case. Their decisions are not based entirely on the merits of the commodities themselves. The same logic applies to individuals decisions about the amount of labor to supply and the amount to save. And similarly, business owners make investments based in part on tax considerations, as opposed to economic fundamentals. Because a tax distorts economic activity, it creates a loss in welfare that actually exceeds the revenues collected. Economists refer to this as the excess burden of the tax. An excess burden represents pure waste to the economy--it is not a transfer of economic resources from one person or group to another; it is simply a loss to the economy as a whole. Excess burden is the economist s standard measure of the efficiency of the tax system. Excess burdens depend on the marginal tax rate levied on an activity--the tax rate on the last dollar generated by that activity. An important result is that the excess burden of a tax increases with the square of the tax rate --doubling a tax quadruples its excess burden, other things being the same. This means that, in general, high marginal tax rates exact a high toll on the economy. One recent academic study calculated that in the United States , the marginal excess burden of the income tax--the incremental excess burden associated with the last dollar of revenue collected--is 35.2 cents (Jorgenson and Yun [2001, p. 302]). To see the implications of this estimate, note that the Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that, in fiscal 2010, the reduction in taxes associated with lower marginal tax rates will be $118.4 billion. This will reduce excess burden in that year by $41.7 billion (=$118.4 billion x 0.352). In effect, this will have the same impact on American taxpayers well-being as if they had received a $41.7 billion lump-sum tax rebate. To put this figure in perspective, note that it is roughly the size of the rebates of $36 billion that taxpayers received in 2001. Of course, any particular figure must be taken with a grain of salt, but virtually all estimates suggest that the U.S. tax system is highly inefficient in the sense of generating large excess burdens. In all the official documents relating to the details of government spending and taxing, one would look in vain for an ???excess burden budget??? documenting the distortionary impact of government fiscal policies. It is not hard to understand why. Excess burden does not appear in anyone s bookkeeping system; it is conceptually a rather subtle notion; and it is not trivial to calculate. Nevertheless, although the losses in real income associated with tax-induced changes in behavior are hidden, they are real, and they are probably very large. Reductions in marginal tax rates are the centerpiece of EGTRRA. These reductions will substantially reduce excess burdens in the economy. Making the tax law permanent would lock in this benefit--the ???rebates??? associated with lower excess burdens would be repeated every year. Indeed, the rebates would grow with the size of the economy. Assuming a long-term growth rate of 3 percent, by the year 2020, the annual reduction in excess burden from making the tax reductions permanent would be about $56 billion. Another source of excess burdens is the corporate income tax, which taxes the returns of corporate shareholders twice, once when earned at the corporate level, and again when received by shareholders, either in the form of dividends or capital gains. Double taxation distorts a number of economic decisions, including the choice between investing in the corporate or non-corporate sectors. While it is difficult to quantify their impact, the reductions in the marginal tax rates on capital gains and dividends represent an important move in the direction of reducing this source of excess burden.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21698
Excess Burden = Amount of work to be accomplished - Total Capacity

QUESTION ID: XQXSHDZ7JJM6TNL
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is dissolution of salt an endothermic Reaction? Is dissolving any salt type an endothermic Reaction.?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 72999
Many chemical reactions release energy in the form of heat, light, or sound. These are exothermic reactions. Exothermic reactions may occur spontaneously and result in higher randomness or entropy (??S>0) of the system. They are denoted by a negative heat flow (heat is lost to the surroundings) and decrease in enthalpy (??H<0). In the lab, exothermic reactions produce heat or may even be explosive. There are other chemical reactions that must absorb energy in order to proceed. These are endothermic reactions. Endothermic reactions cannot occur spontaneously. Work must be done in order to get these reactions to occur. When endothermic reactions absorb energy, a temperature drop is measured during the reaction. Endothermic reactions are characterized by positive heat flow (into the reaction) and an increase in enthalpy (+??H). Examples of Endothermic and Exothermic Processes Photosynthesis is an example of an endothermic chemical reaction. In this process, plants use the energy from the sun to convert carbon dioxide and water into glucose and oxygen. This reaction requires 15MJ of energy (sunlight) for every kilogram of glucose that is produced: sunlight + 6CO2(g) + H2O(l)= C6H12O6(aq) + 6O2(g) An example of an exothermic reaction is the mixture of sodium and chlorine to yield table salt. This reaction produces 411 kJ of energy for each mole of salt that is produced:Na(s) + 0.5Cl2(s) = NaCl(s) Endothermic reactions take in energy from their surroundingsDissolution of salt is endothermic because it takes energy from its surroundings not much but some.As far as all salt types that is hard to say and you would have to do an experiment to find that out.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 70512
the above answer is wrong in the aspect that endothermic reactions can occur spontaneously

QUESTION ID: XRA2PN847IK3J11
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you know weather you ve got leukemia?
QUESTION CONTENT: I don t know why i m asking this but, i am really scared of catching leukemia. I don t want to have it. Can you tell me any vital signs or something please.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71998
you cant catch leukemia.symptoms result from the body not producing enough healthy blood cells. Healthy bone marrow makes stem cells that grow into the three types of blood cells: red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets. An AML patient s bone marrow makes too many blast cells (immature white blood cells). Normal blast cells turn into a type of white blood cell called granulocytes, but the leukemia blast cells do not. At the same time, the marrow cannot grow enough normal red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets. Someone with too few red blood cells (anemia) may: ?? Feel tired ?? Be short of breath ?? Look pale Someone with too few normal white blood cells and too many leukemia blast cells may:?? Develop a lot of infections, for example, a sore throat ?? Experience pain in the bones or joints?? Have a mild feverSomeone with too few platelets may: ?? Bleed easily, such as swollen and bleeding gums, frequent nose bleeds or cuts that bleed for a long time ?? Bruise more easily than usual ?? Develop pin-head sized spots under the skin ?? Develop cuts that heal slowly or do not heal Some people with AML, however, do not notice any symptoms. Their AML may be discovered only during a blood test.Leukemia DiagnosisAML is diagnosed by examining bone marrow and blood samples under a microscope. By examining the appearance of the leukemia cells, the sub-type of AML can also be diagnosed. AML has seven sub-types, which are based on the type of blood cells affected. .....do you think any of us with cancer wonts to have it...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81443
In case you are not just acting silly, visist:http://www.leukemia.org/hm_lls
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 81444
AnswersKirsty14 minutes agoReport Abuse What is leukemia?Leukemia is cancer of the blood cells. Blood cells are made by your bone marrow, which is the soft tissue in the middle of most bones. In leukemia, the bone marrow starts making too many white blood cells, and sometimes these cells don t work right. These cells keep growing when they are supposed to stop. They also grow faster than your other cells. Over time, these abnormal cells crowd out your normal white blood cells, red blood cells, and platelets. Your white blood cells help your body fight infection. Your red blood cells make sure all your body parts have the oxygen they need. Your platelets keep you from bleeding too much. When the leukemia cells crowd out your normal cells, your blood cannot do its job. You may bleed or bruise easily, get sick more often, and feel very tired. Are there different types of leukemia?There are four main types of leukemia. Acute leukemia gets worse very quickly. People with acute leukemia often feel sick right away. Chronic leukemia gets worse slowly, and you may not have any symptoms until later on in the illness. Those two kinds of leukemia are divided according to which kind of white blood cells are involved, lymphocytes or myelocytes.Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). ALL is the most common leukemia in children. Adults also get it. Acute myelogenous leukemia (AML). AML affects both children and adults. Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). CLL is the most common leukemia in adults, especially older adults. Children almost never get it. It mostly affects people who are older than 55. Chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). CML occurs mostly in adults. What causes leukemia?Experts do not know what causes leukemia. They do not know why some people get it and others do not. It is likely that the different types of leukemia have different causes.Research has shown that some people may be more likely to get leukemia. A risk factor is anything that raises your chance of getting a disease. Risk factors for leukemia include chemotherapy treatment, being exposed to large amounts of radiation or some chemicals in the workplace, and smoking and tobacco use.Most people who get leukemia do not have any risk factors.What are the symptoms?Symptoms may include:Fevers and night sweats. Frequent infections. Weakness and fatigue. Headaches. Bruising of the skin and bleeding from the gums or rectum. Joint pain. Swelling in the belly or pain on the left side of the belly or in the left shoulder from a swollen spleen. Swollen lymph nodes in the armpit, neck, or groin. Decreased appetite and weight loss because you feel full and don t want to eat. The chronic forms of leukemia often cause no symptoms at first.How is leukemia diagnosed?If your doctor thinks you might have leukemia, he or she will ask questions about your past and present symptoms, do a physical exam, and order blood tests.If your blood tests are not normal, a test of cells from inside your bone marrow, called a bone marrow biopsy, is usually needed to diagnose leukemia.How is it treated?Treatment depends on what kind of leukemia you have and how far along it is. Treatment can range from watchful waiting to a bone marrow transplant. Usually it includes chemotherapy and sometimes radiation treatments.Frequently Asked QuestionsLearning about leukemia: What is leukemia? What causes leukemia? How can I prevent leukemia? What are the symptoms of leukemia? What increases my chances of getting leukemia? How common is leukemia? What happens in leukemia? Being diagnosed: How will my doctor diagnose leukemia? What is a bone marrow aspiration and biopsy? Getting treatment: How is leukemia treated? What type of medications will I need to take? Will I have to have radiation therapy? What is a bone marrow transplant? Ongoing concerns: When should I call my doctor? Living with leukemia: What can I do at home to relieve the symptoms of leukemia or the side effects of treatment? End-of-life issues: How can I prepare for end-of-life issues? http://health.yahoo.com/ency/healthwise/...  ho ho ho

QUESTION ID: XSGV2LEIOBHJJ3V
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is it that all you parents that homeschool your kids?
QUESTION CONTENT: Insist that they be nerds?  Poor kids never get a chance to socially develop.  I m not basing this just on a South Park episode, but also from the fact that one of my friends homeschools her son and he s completely screwed in regards to education, not to mention a social reject.Is this what you want for your kids??I should add.. At around age 14, they learn to climb through razor wire. You can t watch them forever because you have to sleep sometimes and you can t trust your wife with the night-vision goggles when she uses them to look at other men -- like the police camped outside the moat.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1411
Sorry no.  My kids are not nerds , nor are they socially or intellectually inept.  They are around children every day, both homeschooled and publicly schooled.I am sorry that your friend s child is screwed .  That is unfortunate.  However, take a look at a place like the US.  I would say the US has been screwed for years, with rude, out of control children, rude adults, and increasingly poor education standards.  Yet the majority of children in this country receive a public school education.  What could possibly account for this?  Perhaps it is that public school is not the end all and be all of what is required to be a normal, happy, productive member of society.Generalizing, whether it be in the homeschool category, or in R&S, is never a wise choice.  Didn t you learn that in school?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10128
I think it has something to do with the fact that it s kinda hard to get into college if you have no real highschool diploma AND your standardized testscores are as low as the everyone elses.  That just doesn t sit right with most admissions boards these days.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10727
I m so happy that your public school experience has made you able to judge all other homeschoolers based on the one friend who homeschools. I m also glad that that bias has enabled you to judge how I m raising and educating my children, just they way someone s bias enables people to determine how others will think, act, how smart they will be based on their colour or country of origin.Kudos to you.ADDED: So, what, because your friend s kids are hellions means that all homeschoolers are like that???? Is it the homeschooling or her poor parenting skills that caused that?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14567
I love all these opinions dressed up as facts, lol.Define what you mean by: completely screwed in regards to education, not to mention a social reject . Most of the time I reckon what these sort of assertions mean is that we, as homeschooled kids, are neither peer group dependent nor commercialism dependent nor mass society s sheep. And that is supposed to be a bad thing?I m 14, one of a family of 9 kids who are home educated and I definitely do not consider myself to be deprived in any way, not of anything beneficial anyway. I tried school once (I mistakenly thought school was where you went to learn things!); it was the BIGGEST waste of time imaginable...and this in a country with far higher (proven) standards of public education than America. Being home educated, I have 2 all-year-round jobs; 3 seasonal jobs; I compete in swimming, horse riding and cross country running; I belong to Scouts, CCF and Young Farmers; and have already been offered a provisional place at Uni (for February 2011!). Strangely I don t believe I m missing out on very much worth having by not going to school, lol.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18969
I m homeschool and I m not a nerd, but I m not stupid either. As far as social skills, mine are very well. Its a dumb stereotype that homeschooled kids aren t social. I ve never been happier, I went to public school for 9 years and I hated it, dealing with all the drama being put down everyday, I was depressed as h*ll. Now I m really happy and confident in myself. You need to know what your talking about before you open your mouth.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18970
Look this happens to kids that actually go to public school too. I have seen it in my years of going to school. It really has to do with their personality and how they are raised regardless of their schooling. Yes there are weirdpeople everywhere, but you can t blame it on homeschooling. People like this only give homeschooling a bad name. You cannot make a judgement on one case.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47630
Just guessing here, but I d say that you are in Middle School or High School and your definition of not being a nerd is following the crowd.I don t really want my daughter growing up to follow the crowd.  I would prefer that she grow up to be the person God created herto be regardless of what s considered normal .Academically, homeschoolers tend to have higher achievement than students at public and private schools. My daughter will be classically educated when she is older, and finishing a classical education program will put her academically ahead of many college graduates before she graduates high school.My daughter is not isolated by any means. She is in Soccer, ballet, and tumbling and that s at 4 years old. She also goes to Sunday School. If I put her in any more activities, she would burn out.You might try doing some actual research on homeschooling, before you make accusations against those who are involved.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47631
Why do non-homeschooling people assume homeschoolers are nerds? I m smart, well socialized, love photography, favorite band is Bon Jovi, love the beach, very artistic---do I sound like a nerd?Some people are just so ignorant. You base your opinions on one kid that turns out weird because he was homeschooled. In reality--most homeschooled kids turn out completely normal and alot better than any kid in public school.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47632
Wow...south park AND one person out of approximately two million homeschoolers. That s good math...NOT! You ve met 0.0000005 percent of the nation s homeschoolers, and have managed to judge all of them.Why do you insist on judging my children as nerds, when you ve never met them? My kids aren t nerds. They aren t socially immature, and they are in fact ahead of peers academically. They love being unschooled, and I ve asked them if they want to go back to school (after five years IN school and two years OUT), and they all laughed and said no way. They have friends that they see every day, in all kinds of social situations. Why do you insist that all people should fall under the government-mandated blanket of brainwashing? You ve been so brainwashed by the media and NEA that public schooling is the only way to go, you can t even imagine that homeschooling could be good. Think for yourself, do some research, meet some new people, be open-minded.Oh, and *I* should add, my kids don t have to sneak out of the house, they can leave by the front door. I hate to imagine where you grew up.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47633
School is for education and the higher up it gets the harder itgets.  Medical School students pull 100 a week of work and they even work on holidays.Most people, however, do socialize their kids.  Most are religious and thus go to Church once a week or more.  They go to Church functions.  Many older kids are in Church Choir.  Many of the kids are on little league, softball or soccer leagues.  Some take Karate classes.The chances are good you re friends son would be a social reject even at schoolWhat makes you think he ll be a punker or metaler or goth, maybe he ll be a brain or a nerd and hang out in debating class or the computer center.In schools there is one hour of socilization and that is lunch.The rest of the time you re supposed to be in class learning.Kids today are doing too much socializtion and too little learning.That s why the graduate high school thinking Demark is a City.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47634
Have you taken a long hard look at the socially undeveloped, social rejects, socially challenged and socially withdrawn children that are in every public school across this nation? Kids shooting other kids because no one would be their friend and they felt rejected or put down. (VIrginia Tech)Kids smoking dope and drinking alcohol to fit in to a social group. Kids having sex and getting pregnant and having to drop out of school because they wanted to do the cool thing in a moment of peer pressure. Kids withdrawing from others because of bullying, fighting, not being accepted into cliques.Kids being bullies because they think it is cool and impresses those in his/her social group.Kids commiting suicide because of a boy/girl relationship gone bad.You do realize that school has not always been public? There was a time when parents schooled their children and it was the common and best choice. Do you think these people were nerds or social rejects? Many of these became great inventors, poets, painters, artists, leaders, heros, the people we now spend a great deal of time learning about in school. Ever thought about the idea that most homeschooled children can have an inteligible conversation with others of many ages, on many topics and not just those of their own age because of the interaction with society daily?The fact that you sit and watch South Park does not speak too highly of your own intellect. I care not for teen pregnancies, teen alcoholics, teen druggies, bullies, followers, or teens watching inappropriate, uneducated, and unethical shows such as South Park. Thus far, these are the things public school has shown they are best at providing for my children. School is not to be a social enviornment to be cool and accepted, it is for expanding your mind and educating yourself and becoming a strong person for the future!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47635
So you base your opinion of homeschooled kids not only on a South Park episode, but also on ONE homeschooled child you know? Maybe you need a bigger sampling before making a judgment.  If I went down to the local Public School I am sure I could find 15 or so nerds as you put it.  Now, does that mean that public school produces nerds ?Please take your judgmental, prejudicial, misinformed, ignorant, hateful, and arrogant attitudes somewhere else.  And instead of judging your friend s son as a nerd see him as an individual who has strengths and weaknesses and is worthy of more respect than you are extending.  You don t seem to be much of a friend, I wouldn t want to continue a friendship with someone who called my kids names.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47636
Fellow homeschool parents- do not take Loco seriously.  He just enjoys taunting people with provocative questions , not because he is seriously interested in learning something, but he enjoys getting other people riled up.  Don t give him the satisfaction.  He does the same thing with religion, getting conservative Christians riled up with stupid questions .Instead of answering his stupid questions , move on and answer someone s question who is really interested in serious responses.  Ignore Loco and maybe he ll start bothering someone else instead of us.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 47637
My brother in law s sister in law (whoa, if you can get past that you re obviously NOT homeschooled), homeschools their children. ........But she also breast fed him until he was five...And he had to kneel beside her on the couch...I *wish* I was kidding.I guess the fruit falls close to the tree even if the fruit doesn t want to.

QUESTION ID: XSLQTRHFUWSURFE
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do boomerangs work?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77356
boomerang from DharukThis word originated in AustraliaIt all comes back to you, doesn t it? That s the beauty of the boomerang, a hunting tool, weapon of war, and toy invented by resourceful aborigines in Australia. Invented long ago, too; a preserved boomerang recently recovered from Wyrie Swamp in South Australia dates back some 10,000 years, or 9,800 years before anyone spoke English in Australia. Just a simple crescent of wood, but it gets around.In recent years, the boomerang has gone around the world, starting with the first international competition between Australia and the United States in 1981. Ten years later the World Boomerang Association was founded. There is a United States Boomerang Association and three dozen U.S. clubs. Competition events now include throwing for accuracy, distance, speed, and MTA or maximum time aloft. A different kind of boomerang is used for each event. The record set by John Air Gorski for an MTA throw and catch is a full seventeen minutes. Materials come from around the world, too, the current favorite being aircraft-grade Finnish birch plywood. The 1998 world championships, held near St. Louis, Missouri, involved eighteen teams from a dozen countries on five continents. The next world championship was scheduled for Melbourne, Australia, in 2000.The name boomerang comes from the Dharuk language, once spoken along the southeast coast of Australia, where Sydney now stands. The first English notation, in 1798, renders it as wom-ur-rang, but by 1827 it was the now-familiar boomerang.Nowadays you will search in vain for a speaker of Dharuk. Even when Dharuk was spoken, there were few speakers of that language. But it was from the Dharuk that the English learned names for many of the exotic Australian creatures: dingo (1789), wallaby (1798), wombat (1798, not a bat, but a bearlike marsupial), koala (1803), wallaroo (1827); the kurrajong tree (1823); the corroboree (1811, a nighttime festival); and two kinds of weapon, the waddy (1790, a stick that doesn t come back when you throw it), and the boomerang.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88547
its a very good question.its mekanism is based on Bernoly formula.when the Boomrang moves forward and turns over the differences beween the back and forward pressure coases it to get back.

QUESTION ID: XTZY5ECSMHB1LK8
QUESTION SUBJECT: How far can an ECG test go towards diagnosing a heart condition?
QUESTION CONTENT: what are the limitations of an ecg, can they show signs for the majority of heart conditions? I have been experiencing rapid heart rates at random times with intermittent chest pain on occasions.  I have a slight tightness in my chest too.  I had an episode when i was walking through town where i felt light headed and my lips went blue apparently, my heart started to race, it calmed down after 2 minutes or so.  I went to the hospital where i was  given an ecg and told i was ok and to go home.  I have spoken to my doctor about this before but am always met with reluctance to refer me on for other tests, they just say its anxiety, but they never give me any answers. My ECG s are all fine but i am not convinced.I have had 3 ecg s and they have all come back ok
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 44616
I agree, with you that there is lot of misinterpretations on acute myocardial infarction or on ACS protocol.There are many others  too. This research article will help you out:The objective of the study was to determine the concordance of emergency physicians and cardiologists interpretations of emergency department (ED) electrocardiograms (ECG), to evaluate the impact of ECG misinterpretation on patient management, and to determine error rates as a function of the level of physician training and the specific ECG diagnoses. ECG interpretations were registered prospectively using a programmed-response data sheet. A second blinded interpretation by a staff cardiologist was assumed to be correct. Only ECG discrepancies with potential or probable clinical importance were considered as errors. The ED management of patients with ECG misinterpretations was reviewed by the investigators. The study was performed at an urban university hospital using 300 consecutive ED ECGs. The analysis found 154 errors of interpretation of which nine had probable clinical significance, and 56 had indeterminant significance. The concordance was weak at 0.69 (Kappa = 0.32, weighted Kappa = 0.30) with a significant discordance (McNemar Chi 2:P<0.05). Error rates did not differ significantly between the diverse categories of physicians. In two cases, interpretation errors impacted patient management decisions but not patient outcomes. The most frequent errors involved repolarization abnormalities, ventricular hypertrophy and hemi-blocks. While discordance was significant, errors in ECG interpretation rarely impacted patient management. Prospective evaluation of ECG interpretation may be a useful means of gauging physician skills. It can also serve to focus educational activities on problem areas in electrocardiography.In my opinion you better report to a cardiology ER. They will sort out your problem.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1191
The accuracy of the ECG varies with the condition being tested. Some heart conditions are not detectable all the time, and others may never produce any specific ECG changes.A person who suspects heart disease or has had a heart attack may need more than one ECG. There is no reason for healthy people to undergo annual testing unless they have inherited risks or a medical condition.It is important to be relaxed and relatively warm during ECG recording. Any movement, including muscle tremors such as shivering, can alter the tracing.Holter monitoring is continuous monitoring and recording of the ECG, BP, or both for 24 or 48 h. It is useful for evaluating intermittent arrhythmias and, secondarily, for detecting hypertension. The Holter monitor is portable, enabling patients to participate in normal daily activities; it may also be used for sedentary hospitalized patients if automated monitoring is unavailable. Patients are asked to record symptoms and activities so that they may be correlated with events on the monitor. The Holter monitor does not automatically analyze the ECG data; a physician does so at a later date.Please see the web pages for more details on Electrocardiography.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 44617
Resting ECGs can be falsely reassuring. You could be suffering from an intermittent dysrhythmia. To exclude this you need at least a 24 hour ambulatory ECG, and possibly a cardio-memo ( a transmitter which you activate when the problem occurs so that your ECG can be looked at when the problem is occurring.

QUESTION ID: XVH6AUGO3EI8XVS
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is there no one yet, who proved that there is no God ? (There were only non-believers,no scientific proof)
QUESTION CONTENT: On the other hand, For centuries There were billions of people who had their proofs of God.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9775
It is mathematically impossible to prove a non-existence. However onus is on the claimant to prove existence, not the other way round. Of course faith requires belief without proof. I believe that is back to square one.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29203
Religion versus Rationality and ScienceWhereas prehistoric human societies benefited from the belief in the supernatural, the opposite situation prevails in our modern world. Science has transformed nature from a force that man feared and held in awe, to a force that is subservient to him. Untamed nature was, and still is, man???s greatest enemy. However, man no longer fears nature. Man has tamed nature and he now dominates nature to a very high degree.However, obsolete genes favoring the adoration of gods do not disappear overnight. The persistent presence of religious belief systems within modern society restrains rational thought processes. Religion is the essence of irrationality and is a poor substitute for factual, scientific knowledge. Religion, magic and superstition do not provide desired results because they rely on inherently faulty premises.In times of trouble, some people still pray for intervention by the god(s). Prayers are requests by confessedly unworthy persons to have the laws of the universe repealed in their favor. In a war, if soldiers in opposite trenches pray to God, who does he listen to?Discussions regarding religion alway come to the question: Does god exist? What do we mean when we say that something exists? As far as human beings are concerned, nothing exists unless it manifests itself in some form, shape or manner to man or to his extended sensory perceptions.If something is claimed to exist but does not impinge on man in any way whatsoever, we can safely say that it does not exist as far as human existence is concerned. This purported mirage may still exist somewhere in the universe or another universe. However, since this alleged object or event does not manifest itself to us, it does not affect us in any way whatsoever and we must simply state that it does not exist as far as human beings are concerned. Religious people argue that, although they cannot prove that god exists, atheists cannot prove that god does not exist. This argument is inherently faulty. It is logically impossible to prove that an object or event does not exist. However, it is the essence and the backbone of science to provide evidence that something does exist. If something exists, such as energy, matter or space, it manifests itself to us by objective evidence. We can measure such manifestations.Only persons, who do not utilize logic, will accept as true statements that are completely unsupported by factual evidence. Yet, this form of irrationality and lack of fundamental logic is the foundation of all religions. Since approximately 80 % of the world population accepts the completely unsubstantiated statements of various religions, 80 % of the world population suffers from a severely distorted and thus ineffective worldview. Christian dogma expects people to believe the fairy tale of Noah???s ark, although it is patently impossible to squeeze even samples of billions of the world???s animals into one small ark. Rational persons consider such stories ludicrous. And yet, such is the brainwashing power of religion, that the majority of the people on earth accept such fairytales as facts.The bible account of the creation of man and the universe, as set forth in the Book of Genesis, is in such contradiction to irrefutable facts that a rational person cannot help but laugh about such fantasies. It may be all right for children to believe in Santa Claus and the Tooth Fairy, but functional adults are expected to outgrow such fairy tales.Another absurdity is imbedded in the fact that every religion claims to pray to the one and only true god. How can such contradiction be rationalized? Who is the true god? Allah, or Jesus, or Jehovah, or Buddha, or Krishna?Where was the Jewish God Jehovah, when Hitler incinerated six million of his chosen people; where was the Buddha when Truman vaporized 250,000 Japanese women and children; where was the Christian God when Stalin killed thirty million Christians?It defies rationality when religious persons pray to these same gods for individualized help and salvation. I could go on, but you get my drift.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29204
Because God is a necessity for a person s metaphysical need (the need to know the origins of life and everything perceivable by the senses). God has been the only answer in all the centuries you mentioned in the details.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 68197
oh, no another avatar twin of me, I can t take this anymore!   Aaaargh!

QUESTION ID: XW1BZLZG6N5UQGN
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why does carbon form so many compounds?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76214
There are lots of reasons why there are large number of organic compounds .I???m giving U few of them.Catenation: The tendency of an element to form chains of identical atoms is called catenation. This tendency is observed in the case of non-metals showing covalency of two or more. However, this property is maximum in carbon as it can combine with other carbon atoms by single, double or triple covalent bonds. The bonding can be extended to form long open chain (straight or branched) or closed ones. Catenation property depends upon the value of bond energy which is maximum in the case of carbon. Bond:                                         C-C    Si-Si       S-S     P-P     N-N    O-OBond energy:                              83        54         54        50      39        35          (approximately)(kcal/mol) The stability or the strength of the bond decreases as the bond energy decreases. Hence, the tendency of catenation decreases in the following manner; C>Si ~ S>P>N>OTendency to combine with other non-metals: Carbon has the ability to form strong covalent bonds with many other atoms such as H, O, S, N, Cl, Br, I, etc. The C-C bond energy is approximately equals to the magnitude of bond energies between carbon and various other atoms.Bond                                          C-C         C-H       C-O      C-Cl      C-N       C-BrBond energy                               83.0         97.0       86.0      81.0       73.0       68.0           (approximately)(kcal/mol)Isomerism is one of the reason also.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 11998
Carbon forms molecules and offers links for up to four other carbon atoms or a multitude of other atoms, predominantly hydrogen, halogenes, oxygen, sulphur, nitrogen and phosphorous. There are endless permutations, and a good percentage of these are stable.

QUESTION ID: XWNFPKZOI5DT72H
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the p silent in pronouncing words like psychology,pneumatics,pseudo etc.,?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74192
 Here are three reasons why English has so many silent letters: Old English was 90% phonemic (words sound the same as they look). But from the beginning of the 15th century, we began to borrow words from other languages. Because grammar and usage rules are different in other languages, adopted words did not follow the rules of English pronunciation. The English language borrowed the Latin alphabet, and so we have only got 26 letters to represent around 41 different significant sounds. This means that we must attempt to use combinations of letters to represent sounds. In the Middle English Period William Caxton brought the printing press to England. As time passed, pronunciation continued to change, but the printing press preserved the old spelling. That s why today we have words that end in a silent e , or have other silent letters in the middle, like might . In fact, modern day English is only 40% phonemic. So are there any rules and can they help us? Axel Wijk (Regularized English, 1959, Stockholm: Almqvist&Wiksells) came up with over 100 rules for English spelling. It is claimed that by using these rules, you can spell up to 85% of the words in English with 90% accuracy. But is this really helpful? Basically, no! It gets so complicated that a much easier approach is to memorize sight words. 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22916
Have you ever tried saying those words WITH the p ?  Personallly, I THANK whoever thought of doing that.  That person saved a lot of front row college psychology student from being spit from a psych teacher while they teach.

QUESTION ID: XWNR1NGI43E38MW
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does a volcano work?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 22735
OccurrenceVolcanoes are found in association with midocean ridge systems (see seafloor spreading) and along convergent plate boundaries, such as around the Pacific Ocean s ???Ring of Fire??? (see plate tectonics), the ring of plate boundaries associated with volcanic island arcs and ocean trenches surrounding the Pacific Ocean. Continental volcanoes are also associated with converging plate boundaries, such as the volcanoes of the Cascade Range along the W coast of the United States. Isolated volcanoes also form in the midocean area of the Pacific apparently unrelated to crustal plate boundaries. These sea mounts and volcanic island chains, such as the Hawaiian chain, may form from rising magma regions called hot spots.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74026
A volcano is a geological landform (usually a mountain) where a substance, usually magma (rock of the Earth s interior made molten or liquid by extremely high temperatures along with a reduction in pressure and/or the introduction of water or other volatiles) erupts through the surface of a planet. Although there are numerous volcanoes (some very active) on the solar system s rocky planets and moons, on Earth at least, this phenomenon tends to occur near the boundaries of the continental plates. However, important exceptions exist in hotspot volcanoes.  You can view more information about volcanoes at the link below.

QUESTION ID: XWRQNCR7JNQBJDE
QUESTION SUBJECT: In your opinion, how should history be taught in schools to booster interest in the subject itself?
QUESTION CONTENT: I notice that most people come out of high school and middle school history being turned off by the subject itself, myself included.  However, I got my college degree in history so something must ve sparked my interested well enough to study it on the undergraduate level (what got me interested was visiting the museum of San Diego history, which is where I live).  However, elementary school and middle school history was incredibly boring to me and I m not sure if it s the way it s taught or not.  I ve talked to a number of people who hated history because of the way it was presented in school (i.e. memorizing dates, etc).  The difference between the way history is taught in school, both primary and secondary and the way it is taught at the university level is clear.  So how can the education system improve the teaching of history?  Has it improved in the last 15 years or so?  Are textbooks still just as vague as they were back in the early 90s when I was in school?There are ten good answers to this question.  It will be extremely difficult for me to pick out the best one so I am going to put this question to a vote (if you d like, you may vote for your own answer...heh).  For those who have not contributed to this question, please pick the answer that best suits your own opinion and/or the best answer you think should get 10 pts.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 7773
Hi in college history was not my major, with that being said its my favorite subject and something I learn about as a hobby.  I pretty much figured out the history is our present future. I am not sure if that could be taught in a class room.  Either you honor the lessons or you don t . No key recipe for this formula. And you appreciated it when? what was it that sparked your interest, pretty much answered your own question.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59404
It should focus more on modern history. I thought it was very strange in school in the 90s, when they would talk about ancient history in school, but TV would frequently reference more recent events like the Vietnam war, which I was woefully ignorant about. I had no idea what the Gulf War was about, even though it happened when I was about 8 years old. Surely they should have told us more about that at some point in our history classes. As for older history, I think there should be more focus on interesting true stories. Many history textbooks are extremely boring, going through huge swaths of history in mere paragraphs. It quickly becomes hard to follow. If there was more focus on individual people, kids would be more likely to remember it. The story about Galileo and his interaction with the Church is very interesting, but it s glossed over, when it could be used to teach many things from multiple fields - history, religion, science, philosophy, and so on. It s even relevant today, with controversy between science and religion as well as controversy over how space should be explored.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59405
Excellent question.  That has been my task for the past two years since I started teaching college world history.  You are quite correct about the students being largely turned off in high school.  This has been my formula.1. I don t use a textbook - for exactly the reasons you and others point out - - it s too much info.   2. I read the textbook required for the course and try to get selected portions of the material across in a more interesting format.  I pick and choose things that I think might be more useful for the average person who is not a history major.3. I use excerpts from movies - such as the recent movie Troy - to illustrate times and events.  Then I talk about what is most accurate and what is more Hollywood.  (Like the Movies in Time feature on the History channel).  I don t show the whole movie.  I m paid to teach, not just show movies.4. I try to provoke discussions about concepts more than just the people, events and dates.5. I stress familiarity or a feel for sequences and times more than just the dates themselves, but they should know what century a major event occurred.6. I try to apply most of what we discuss from past historical experience to present day situations.  That s very easy in places such as the Middle East or the conflict between the Christian and Muslim worlds.  7. I have guest speakers on occasion and ask each student to present a topic (5 minute presentation) for discussion.  That brings in topics they are interested in learning about.8. Last, I encourage student to THINK - not memorize.Thinking is hard work.  It can be difficult to get some students to make the effort.BUT - - I have no one looking over my shoulder saying You must teach this or that as I m sure the teachers do inmiddle and high school.  I hope some of these teachers answer this question.  I suspect they would like the latitude to teach differently.  They probably have constraints that force them to teach in a standardized way for the various required tests.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59415
I think one of the major problems is that history is not taught chronologically. My cousins studied Ancient Egypt, then Ancient Rome. They completely bypassed the Greeks! No wonder they found it disjointed and irrelevent. Start from the beginning (wherever you choose to start) and continue through until the present day. I also think it would be better to teach the discipline of history, once the kids are old enough to need more from the subject than just stories. Finally, more interesting topics could be chosen. Kids ought to be given the freedom to venture off the beaten path into something that takes their fancy. I have often wondered if we would have less racism and anti-Islamism if everyone studied some of their history at school. Iran, for example, has had just about everything that can happen to a state happen to them. When it comes to history, it doesn t really matter what they learn, as long as they learn something and widen their world view. I studied African history at uni, and the history of cities. Not a specific city, but cities as entities. That was a different way of looking at things for me, as was a subject I did on the history of food and music in Latin America. If kids were taught history through the music they, their parents, and grandparents listened to, I m sure they d find it more relevent. A lot of music is political!If you have to deal with text books, they should be treated like Wikipedia. A nice place to start, so you have a vague idea what was going on. Then you move onto biographies of the main people, who the historians are and why they are writing, what the place was like, what they ate and wore, and why.  If you are talking about the Norse, teach them to tabletweave. Etc.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59416
a quick note, as i m in a rush, but am interested in the question... teaching history as narrative, with personae/characters, might help. looking at the relationships between biography and other social forces/phenomena (eg class, geography, etc). useful in developing a tragic sensibility... reading relevant fiction, and watching films around the time discussed might help...  thinking of history in philosophical terms (even at a basic level) might be useful (i m not talking heidegger or whatever, i just mean - event as a category of experience...)what didn t help me: memorizing dates. tracking events along a linear timeline. sorry - grammar out the window, just some thoughts

QUESTION ID: XYY5Q40BDG2T5BV
QUESTION SUBJECT: Evolution - what s your take on it? why should i trust it?
QUESTION CONTENT: Why should i trust the theory of evolution when Darwin himself said that if there was evidence to prove that lifeforms were more complicated than it was supposed there were - evolution was wrong. and when he said that if no evidence was found in the earth for evolution - it was wrong. and why do evolutionists hang on to their belief when there is no proof???to Sam - give me proof! no one has ever given me any proof for evolution that could stand up on its own or is valid. give me proof!Thanks, KJV, i ll chekc it out.to serf - If you said that there were other types of humans, i would believe you. I have no problem with evolution within species, microevolution. But when people start telling me that one species changed into another, i hsve a problem with that. how can a something evolve into a giraffe, it is too unlike anything else for it to happen slowly, let s say it grew it s long neck first, well, then, it would die, becasue it has to have a special valve so that it won t choke on it s own food.To Helen -  you re right, i can t prove creation. but i can prove the Bible is true. I can give you archaeological, , historical, and manuscript evidence that what the Bible says is true. What evidence can you give me for evolution? i m still not very impressed with you people....please, more people answer, i m really interested in finding out more about evolution...please, beatz, i would like more info. i m truly not ready to give in to someithing that has not been completely explained to me. please explain your points, so that i can research them thouroughly, and get back to youall of you fail to present evidence. i m not arguingthat change does not happen within species, within species, over a course of time, but i would like evidence for evolution. or agianst creation. no one will give me that. is it just because of the lack there of?I m assuming it s lack there of, because no one will offer evidence, or if they try to, they wont explain it. How am i supposed to believe if i don t know what it is, eh?okay, i like this that i found on the site given to me by KJV. Prove to me these statements are false, just one of them.The earth is not billions of years old (thus destroying the possibility of evolution having happened as it is being taught). No animal has ever been observed changing into any fundamentally different kind of animal. No one has ever observed life spontaneously arising from nonliving matter. Matter cannot make itself out of nothing.Okay, ben, you can talk untill you re blue in the face, but if you can t explain what it means, then i can t understand it. i would love more explaination. and also, i m wondering - which of these have actually been discovered fossilized??? remember - you can update you re answers, i d love to hear back from you...
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74712
Evidence for evolution:Homologous proteinsThe near universality of the genetic code (eg the relation between codons and amino acids)Genetic drift in non-essential parts of homologous proetiensDNA technology that can show relationshipDevelopmental homology (ie ontogeny and it s relationship to phylogeny)The interesting thing about most of these points of evidence is that it was predicted by Darwin s theory even though Darwin had no way of knowing about genes or biochemistry at all.  Evolution as a theory is merely commonality of descent, and this evidence here is all evidence of evolution.  It doesn t necessarily say that evolution is directed by natural selection, and it certainly doesn t say anything about the origin of life itself or God.  But in experimental science, we can see evolution occuring, and natural selection is one of the major ways of that evolution (the other being artificial selection).So when you take the reality of evolution--that is, the commonality of descent amoung all living things--as supported by a great deal of evidence, and you look for possible ways of directing that evolution, natural selection is the only theory that expalins it with existing observable phenomena.If you have a better way of explaining it with existing observable phenomena, and it fits all known data better than Darwin s evolution by natural selection, then by all means, let s hear it.  Otherwise, you re objection is not to just evidence, but to SCIENCE ITSELF and the SCIENTIFIC METHOD.  And I m very sorry, but this method has been for too useful to abandon right now.You have a complaint with science and think you have a better way?  I d like to hear it.  OItherwise, you must face the reality that as of today evolution is an indispensible part of the scientific body of knowledge, along with Newton s descriptions of dynamics, Maxwell s electromagnetic principles, the three laws of thermodynamics, and Mendel s theories of genetic sorting.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 29997
Give ME proof of creation!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74713
Evolution itself an evolving theory and in it s current form is not the same as when darwin invented it. It s strength is that as scientists uncover new information and disprove old ideas, they update their theories to reflect this new knowledge. Admitting that evolution can not explain everything does not prove every related fact wrong, it just states that mankind s understanding of the field is still incomplete.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74714
Don t trust it! I believe in Creation. Check out Kent Hovind s site: http://www.drdino.comThis guy has LOTS of info about creation. He s debated lots of evolutionists, and won, because he has the truth and they don t.Oh, and he is also offering $250,000 to anyone who can give any scientific proof for evolution. Check this page for more details: http://www.drdino.com/articles.php?spec=67
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74715
Professer Beatz, I do have a problem with the scientific method. It requires observable events in the present. The scientific method cannot even prove its own existance because all proof instantaniosly is in the past. The legal historic method proves past events, but mostly cannot be applied here, due to the fact that the only witness can at best be described as schizophrenic (God), document evidence was written by his servant, and you attribute the phisical evidence to alternitive religeons (evelution). What you are hanging on is that their is a lot of evidence for evelution(which you refuse to present to us), and that creationism is wrong(the evidence for which is also refused).
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74716
Here is the lineage of the giraffe if anyone is interested:Diacodexis (early Eocene)Homacodon&other dichobunids (mid-Eocene) Mesomeryx (late Eocene) -- A more advanced dichobunidHypertragulus, Indomeryx or a similar hypertragulid (late Eocene) -- Primitive ruminants with a tendency toward crescent ridges on the teeth.  Still 5 toes on front and 4 behind, but the side toes are now smaller. Hyemoschus or other tragulids (Oligocene) -- Have the above features plus loss of part of the first toe, some more bones fused, fibula shaft no longer ossifies.Archaeomeryx, Leptomeryx (mid-late Eocene) -- Rabbit-sized ruminants. Still had small upper incisors. The mastoid bone becomes less and less exposed in these leptomerycids .Bachitherium (early Oligocene) -- A later, more advanced leptomerycid.Lophiomeryx, Gelocus (late Eocene, early Oligocene) -- The most advanced ruminants yet.A slightly different lineage split off from this gelocid family in the late Eocene or early Oligocene, eventually giving rise to deer.Giraffes branched off from the deer just after Eumeryx. The first giraffids were Climacoceras (very earliest Miocene) and then Canthumeryx (also very early Miocene), then Paleomeryx (early Miocene), then Palaeotragus (early Miocene) a short-necked giraffid complete with short skin-covered horns. From here the giraffe lineage goes through Samotherium (late Miocene), another short-necked giraffe, and then split into Okapia (one species is still alive, the okapi, essentially a living Miocene short-necked giraffe), and Giraffa (Pliocene), the modern long-necked giraffe.

QUESTION ID: Y0B21BS8XWR1002
QUESTION SUBJECT: How did people in the atlantis looked like?
QUESTION CONTENT: when they existed what were there hair and eyes colors etc.what kind of food they ate how did their houses looked like.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 66789
Hi Angelbabe:Oohh! My favourite topic - one I ve done some serious research on! According to one source: the Uralinda Book - a book purportedly written by the Children of Freya (Earth Mother) from the Island State of Adland (Atlantis), they were a tall people - 7ft for the women and 8ft - 9ft for the men, with beautiful long blonde to reddish (honey blonde?) flowing hair, usually worn in intricately plaited styles, adorned with beads, gems stones, and silver or gold wire or thin chains. There eyes were purportedly blueish in hue Eyes that reminded of the azure skies of our homeland . . . - some amber is mentioned in descriptions, such as Eyes like a tiger that burned with an inner fire . From snippets I ve picked up in my research I couldn t get any specific reference to beards, although one of their seafarers, Cousin Inca is described as having had a copper coloured flowing beard and moustache which he wove into plaits waving in the trade wind as he sailed the oceans deep . These were highly advanced people technologically: mastering not only land transport with wheeled carts and chariots, but also the waves of the seven seas and the large oceans of their day, and even - limited flight with magnificent gliders and kites (much like our modern day hang-glider type aircraft). Their food preferences were carried over to the later Israelites and even Islamites, so presumably they ate meat such as fowl (chicken, ducks and wild birds, like pheasants, etc.), fish, mutton, goat and cattle and even venison - avoiding pork, crusticeans and moluscs - claiming them to be unclean . I doubt if they had access to maize/corn as this came from the southern parts of the Americas much later, but they surely had wheat or related grains for they do mention bread, and the usual smattering of veggies - sweet beetroot and potatoes are mentioned. These they ate with recognisable utensils - mostly made of gold or silver - out of fine porcelain plates whilst drinking wine (mostly sweeter varieties) from either porcelain goblets or fine lead crystal glasses. Their buildings - and it is the greatest of pity that none of their architecture survied the cataclysm that devastated Atlatis some 4 000 years ago - was apparently grandiose , with marble columns (not cylindrical in shape, but apparently either triangular or square) with magnificent frescoes carved in bass relief onto their sides; large glass panelled windows reflecting the setting sun; fantastic gardens fillied with large trees, verdant shrubs along its borders, acres of flowers in bloom throughout the year; and water features forming man-made babbling brooks, small waterfallos and fountains, emptying into deep, clear ponds, in which swam a myriad of tame hand-fed fish more decorative than for culinary purposes. The Adlanders (Atlantians) were highly educated, skilled in a wide variety of professions as well as fine arts, like painting, sculpting, paper fine ceramic pottery and the art of making delicate sheets of papyrus paper on which their wrote love poems, great novels and - of course - their history. When their population grew to the extent that their island state became over-crowded and trees so scarse that what was left were mainly used for ship-building, they resorted to writing in clay tablets with sharp stylises. Their writing - consisting of an alphabet of 28 letters and 10 numerals - can still be perceived today in ancient Greek scripture (but the Adlanders used circles and squares surrounding the spikey script for accent purposes), although their language was more akin to old Freisian Dutch (some say the root of all Germanic languages, and some of their ancient words are still being used today even in languages not directly related, such as Swedish and Gaelic - i.e. the word Kirk which translates into church, but originally meant sanctuary where one can find peace and contemplate through meditation in Adland terms).  There is still much to be said - unfortunately space is too limited here. . .
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6531
There s a theory that Atlantis was the Greek island ot Thera/Corcyra, which was largely destroyed by a volcanic eruption/earthquake/tidal wave about 1300 B.C.--not 9000 years before the time of Plato (who mentions it in two of his Dialogues), but 900.  The island was part of the Minoan civilization, centered on Crete, so it s reasonable to suppose that the people there were similar in appearance andlifestyle to the Cretans of the time, as depicted in the links below.  (The first three are from Minoan Crete, the last one from Thera.)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66790
By the time the waves washed over them,very wet.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66791
They had green gills with blue scales and membranes between their fingers and toes.  Sort of like what s found in WATER WORLD or SHADOW OVER INNSMOUTH.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 66792
Their descendants are the American Indian. They were washed up along the eastern seaboard&Gulf of Mexico after Atlantis finally sank beneath the Atlantic Ocean.

QUESTION ID: Y1DGQGW4FVFGAYT
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to read astrological calendar?
QUESTION CONTENT: I just got an astrological calendar and it has all these symbols for certain times during the day. I read what each symbol represented, and matched it up with the symbols but I don t feel I m comprehending it correctly. How exactly are you supposed to read it?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 64705
The answerer before me is probably the only user of the astronomy QA who s studied astrology extensively enough and tested the use of it against real conditions to know whether it s valid, or isn t.However, since you ve already got your astrology calendar and since the astronomy QA expert on astrology refused to answer your question I would suggest you ll find an answer to your question at this link:http://answers.yahoo.com/dir/;_ylt=AnayvNNiBiWVClZE8fW91aXNxQt.;_ylv=3?link=list&sid=396546042
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5422
That s astrology, an ancient art which has become a big bucks modern scam.  There is no such thing as all this magical cosmic influence.  It s bunk.  Astrology can t tell you a thing.If the calendar is pretty, go ahead and use it.  It ll be like having feng shui in your house or a display of tin foil hats for protection from aliens from outer space.Jack, yes, I have studied astrology quite a bit.  Probably more than many astrologers.  Questions about reading astrological information are not appropriate in a science forum.  I don t condemn people for coming here with these questions, but I don t encourage them, either.  I will always refuse to answer questions on how to make astrological interpretations in a science forum.  What science-minded person would do otherwise?Also, not only have I read results of tests of astrological validity, (or lack thereof), but I have read the whinings of astrologers about those results and yes, my own daughter conducted a study in her ENGLISH class, where all the students were supposed to report on ANY pseudoscience claim, in the instructional unit on MYSTERIES.  She took some real astrological predictions based on birth sign and switched a couple of them.  The wrong ones were considered as accurate as the real ones.  But that was just informal.  Here s one a little more serious:http://skeptico.blogs.com/skeptico/2005/02/what_do_you_mea.htmlAnd there are dozens of others, if you wish.

QUESTION ID: Y25Q18S8H80NCTU
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70643
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground.  If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16586
it s the reflection of the ocean
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24260
It s due to the scattering of light by the dust particles present in the air.Rather oceans look blue because of the reflection of sky.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24261
everything absorbs certain wavelengths and reflects others. wavelengths of visible light correspond to certain colors. the gases in the atmosphere absorb all of the other colors except for blue, thus reflecting blue and so the wavelengths of light that correspond to blue light reach your eyes causing the sky to appear blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24262
STOP IT!!!20th today

QUESTION ID: Y5YH6L8HU6UE42M
QUESTION SUBJECT: My bike is a schwinn falcon, how do you make it lighter, faster and durable?
QUESTION CONTENT: i want to take off the handle brakes, but will it make a diffrence?, and how do you take of the grip?Alright, so there goes b-day money, oh well. thanks for the advice though, and yeah your right, a new hub(coaster brake) new tires spokes and otheres would probaly be up to $60 and up i only paid $80 bucks for mine, oh well, thanks again peepsAlright, so there goes b-day money, oh well. thanks for the advice though, and yeah your right, a new hub(coaster brake) new tires spokes and otheres would probaly be up to $60 and up i only paid $80 bucks for mine, oh well, thanks again peeps
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 12491
I will respectfully abstain from any answer on the S brand.  I got TD last time I did.On Lyme has a good answer already, but I think the last part of your question is, how to take OFF the grip .  Do you mean handle bar grips? If so, heating them with a hair dryer works.  Sliding a thin flat blade screwdriver between the grip and the bar helps.  I have seen people put a pan of hot water on the floor and tip the bike and actually dip the grip--bar and all--into hot water to facilitate removal.  If you are finished forever with the grips you can cut them off.EDIT:  Someone warn Scotland Yard!!  mirage and Mr. G are in the same country!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 5525
Upgrading would cost more than the entire bike originally cost or is worth. But the good news is riding a heavier bike a whole lot WILL make you stronger!  I have a very old Schwinn from the 70s!   I use it as my commuter/winter/training bike, it s a 10 speed and an awesome ride!  OK, so it s not that fast, and I only ride it when I m by myself. When I ride with my husband, I use my Titanium Airborne road bike, which, depending on the wheelset and gears I use, weighs somewhere between 16-17 pounds.  My husband is a big strong muscular guy and I m a tiny little runt.  He s got 14 inches and 80 pounds on me.  Training on my Schwinn is about the only way I could build up the strength, speed and endurance to keep pace with him on my road bike.  He used to get so bored he would either ride circles around me, or race ahead in search of guys in spandex to race.  He doesn t have to do that anymore, I ve come a long way.  Your heavier bike is making you stronger too, so that s a good thing!   Appreciate the benefits and enjoy your ride!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 64941
Mr G is right. Even though I am in the UK for just this week I have to agree with him.Any upgrades to make the bike lighter or stronger will quickly add up to more than what the bike cost new... to this end you should have just chosen a better bike. The only difference removing the brakes will make is that you will make the bike dangerous to ride.As far as making it faster, you are the bikes energy source so YOU willneed to become stronger and faster. Eat well and stay away from the Wii and the XBox.EDIT: I m making a trip up to Leeds on Wednesday...

QUESTION ID: Y67C7E3WY7IDTQJ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do they test to see if you have N H L?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 9754
There are several, depending on what symptoms you are exhhibiting.   They did not find mine until a large swollen lymph node was biopsied.Check this site for the best info:http://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/hm_llsBest wishes
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9755
From The Leukemia&Lymphoma Society s Web site - Symptoms and Signs Many patients may notice enlarged lymph nodes in the neck, armpit or groin. Less often, these swollen nodes may appear near the ears or the elbow, or in the throat near the tonsils. Occasionally, the disease may start in a site other than the lymph nodes, such as a bone, a lung, the gastrointestinal tract or the skin. In these circumstances, patients may experience symptoms that refer to that site, such as bone pain, cough, chest pain, abdominal pain, rashes or skin lumps. Patients also may have fever, excessive sweating (especially noticeable at night), unexplained fatigue, loss of appetite or weight loss. During a medical examination, the physician may detect an enlarged spleen. In some cases, the disease may only be discovered during a routine medical examination or while the patient is under care for an unrelated condition. DiagnosisEnlarged lymph nodes may result from inflammation and are not necessarily a sign of cancer. However, in the absence of another explanation, such as a nearby infection, the physician may suspect lymphoma if enlarged lymph nodes are detected during a physical examination or during an imaging test (for example, a chest X-ray). Biopsy The diagnosis can be made with certainty by a biopsy of an involved lymph node or another involved organ, such as a bone, a lung, the liver or another site. The biopsy procedure may be performed by one of two possible methods: Using a special needle that passes through the skin into the tissue containing the suspicious finding or By surgical removal of a lymph node or a small piece of another tissue (e.g., lung, liver) suspected of containing an abnormality. In some cases, the diagnosis may be made by the discovery of abnormal lymphocytes (lymphoma cells) in the marrow obtained as part of the initial diagnostic evaluation. The biopsy tissue often can be removed using a local anesthetic. Occasionally, chest or abdominal surgery may be used for diagnosis. Surgical biopsy requires general anesthesia. However, newer approaches using the laparoscope may permit biopsies within body cavities without requiring major incisions or manipulations. When the tissue is obtained, it is prepared and then examined under the microscope by a pathologist to determine the pattern of the tissue abnormalities and types of cells involved. Sometimes, it is relatively easy for anexperienced physician to determine that the abnormality is lymphoma and to determine the category or classification of the lymphoma. Occasionally, the diagnosis may be unclear and require consultation with expert hematopathologists, doctors who specialize in the diagnosis of lymphoma and other blood disorders. Immunophenotyping In addition, cells obtained at the time of tissue biopsy can be studied by immunophenotyping to provide additional evidence that they are lymphoma cells and to determine if they are B cells, T cells or NK cells. Cytogenetic Analysis Cells also can be studied to see if chromosomal abnormalities are present. This type of examination is referred to as a cytogenetic analysis. Chromosome abnormalities can be important in identifying the specific type of lymphoma that is present, which may help in the choice of drugs for treatment. More information can be found here - http://www.leukemia-lymphoma.org/all_mat_toc.adp?item_id=59546

QUESTION ID: Y7J7T4PFYMYYMQB
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can I help children with cancer or other diseases?
QUESTION CONTENT: I want to find a career to help children with cancer and other impairments/diseases. It absolutely kills me to see kids in pain. I donate my hair to Locks of Love , but that s just a little thing.  What kind of career can I find to help them? I don t want to be a nurse. That s for sure. What could I do?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 89115
If you are not interested in the medical field (nursing or doctor) than you might concentrate on being a Medical Social Worker or a Childlife specialist. The majority of pediatric Cancer Clinics have medical social workers who meet with children and parents during treatment. They often accompany the oncologist if there is a new patient or bad news. They counsel children and their families, as well as visit schools to educate the community about a child with cancer. They help finding financial resources and are available at all times to help with the emotional and social issues that affect children with cancer.The Association of Pediatric Oncology Social Workershttp://www.aposw.org/Childlife Specialisthttp://www.uwec.edu/Career/Students/explore/Profiles/child%20life%20specialist.htmYou could also consider being a teacher/educator for children who are hospitalized. My son had a teacher who worked on theoncology floor and was able to keep him on task . .some of the time. The teacher collaborates with the local school system to keep the patient up with their studies. His teacher at the hospital was so wonderful, kind, and understood exactly how overwhelming school can be while a child is fighting cancer.Anyway, those are some possibilities to consider. Best of luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 89116
Why don t you visit St. Judes Cancer research hospital in Memphis. This is a premier center, and find out what type of help they need there. And by doing this you may stumble upon a career that will fit you.

QUESTION ID: YBBN37K720D3OMN
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can i have a flat tummy in a month ???
QUESTION CONTENT: Okay; I am going on a diet. And I want an exersice I can do in my room and at the park. Any ideas ? For legs and for a flat tummy .. ?Please help
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 7398
Do leg squats against the wall 3 sets of 20 once every other day.Walk for 30 minutes twice a day or jog in the house for 30 minutes if the weather is bad out.If your looking for the ultimate ab routine, this is the routine that will help give you the six or eight pack that your looking for.Items NeededThe following items needed for this routine include an ab roller and preferably ten minutes a day.InstructionsFirst lay flat on the floor with your head on the head rest of the ab roller, then slowly semi crunch for 300 reps.Then you will put your feat straight up in the air with your lower back laying flat on the floor, with your head still positioned on the head rest of the ab roller. While positioned this way you will then proceed to do 300 reps which will work the lower abs.You will then turn on your right side with your head still positioned on the head rest of the ab roller and do 300 reps. Then you will lay on your opposite side repeating the process you have performed on your right side, repeating the same amount of reps. You will need to do this every day for a total of ten minutes a day for about six to eight weeks.DisclaimerRemember to consult a doctor before trying this workout routine or any other workout routine on Boeafitness.com.Good luck: CLICK ALSO ON TO MY FREE WEBSITE HAS FREE WORKOUT PLANS AND FREE DIET PLANS :)FROM THE STAFF OF BOEAFITNESS<a href= http://boeafitness.com/index.php?option=com_comprofiler&task=registers >
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2397
do the hollywood diet, don t eat anything and when you feel you are about to pass out eat a cracker.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 12427
a month well thats too risky maybe in six months but  eat right and do exersice
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 72662
CARDIO! running/jogging,riding bikes, jump rope, jumping jacks,crunches, swimming,lifting some light weights (5-10 lbs) situps, push ups, oh and how mountain climbers do push ups is good too.....like u get in a push up positition but then u move ur feet up and down like ur climbing ur floor,moving ur knees up and bending ur legs up then down.....i hope that made sense.lay down on the ur side and just lift up ur legs and see how long u can hold it, also do this when ur laying on ur back. dancing is good too....put on some crazy dance music and let it all out!! its fun too :) and if u have enough  time and money hit the  gym too.....but most of these excercises u can do in ur room....except of course bycycling and running and swimming.though u can jog in place :)

QUESTION ID: YEW8IE5T5O37GCO
QUESTION SUBJECT: How will I know if prostate cancer treatment has helped?
QUESTION CONTENT: I have had 41 external beam radiation treatments, 25 full pelvic treatments and 16 Boost treatments aimed at the prostate only. I am receiving hormone therapy also that requires one shot every three months. So far I have had two treatments.When I was first diagnosed, my Urologist said three hormone treatments was all I could have as more would cause brittle bones. Now, this same doctor says I may have to take these shots for the rest of my life. When I asked how I would know if treatments have helped, he replied six months after I m off the hormones a PSA test would tell. Now that s really a Catch 22.Has anyone experianced these same treatments and what are your results?My Gleason score from my biopsy was 9, so removal was out of the question. My bone scan did not show any cancer there. I am told the full pelvic treatments were for cancer cells that may have been in the lymph nodes.My Gleason score from my biopsy was 9, so removal was out of the question. My bone scan did not show any cancer there. I am told the full pelvic treatments were for cancer cells that may have been in the lymph nodes.Several good answers, to the answerers who wanted me to go to link, I ve tried and didn t get anywhere.To the researcher, read the post, PSA levels are no good as long as you re on hormone therapy and I was told, I might be on hormone for the rest of my life. No removal is what I was told as soon as I met with the Urologist who did the biopsy. I could overhear him talking with his assistant about what the tumor looked like with the sonogram while doing the biopsy. I can only speculate that the cancer had left the prostate. A bone scan showed that it had not got into the bones.It could also be that the insurance company would only pay for one procedure and radiation was chosen.There are some good answers here, there are a couple that refer me to a link that doesn t work and one that sounds good except it doesn t answer the question. I have provided all the details.I guess I ll just let this go to vote.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10838
Welcome to the uncertain world of cancer treatment. You do know that there is no cure for cancer, only treatment that might lead to remission and eventually after a long passage of time . . cure. Malignant cells have the ability to lay dormant in the body and reappear after an undetermined amount of time. Thus, you may need to stay vigilant for the rest of your life.Sounds like you need to have a serious discussion with your doctor. Here are some sites with information about prostate cancer. It might also help you to get in touch with others who have this disease:Prostate Cancer Foundationhttp://www.prostatecancerfoundation.org/NCI: Prostate Cancerhttp://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/types/prostateMedline Plus: Prostate Cancerhttp://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/prostatecancer.htmlNCCN: Prostate Cancer Treatment Guidelineshttp://www.nccn.org/patients/patient_gls/_english/_prostate/contents.aspNCCN: Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology - Prostate Cancerhttp://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/PDF/prostate.pdfBest to you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46777
The PSA test can show if the cancer has returned because it would be higher than normal.See on reg check ups after 50 you get the PSA level checked if it is higher than normal you could get more tests.If you have cancer then you get the treatments which should bring the PSA level back down to normal. (or at least closer to normal.)The doctor will compare your PSA to your previous PSA levels and normal levels. This will determine if the cancer has returned.The hormone therapy will lower the testosterone in you body which is directly linked to the prostate. The lower the testosternone the better. But because the hormone therapy will lower the testosterone the PSA level isn t acurate until your body is doing it on its own with out the help of hormones.Radiation treatments can also affect the PSA level, but the doctor shoudl know this and would take that into consideration when checking the PSA level.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 87745
Well this is a very good question. I will do my best to answer this for you since this is my area of expertise. I do not know your case or stage, but according to what you have told me, I can make a few assumptions and try to answer as best as possible.1. Considering you had 25 full pelvic treatments I am going to make an assumption that you were intermediate in your staging. This means that you may have had some extracapular extension of your cancer outside the prostate. This would be the reason for having had full pelvi irradiation. 2. With the 16 smaller shots, or boosts, this is to take the dose up in the tumor area and decrease the normal tissues. 50Gy is a typical dose for any microscopic disease. The reason for the boost is to take the cancerous area to a higher overall dose and to provide more cell kills to the cancer. 3. Hormone therapy is an adjunct that will also help to decrease any cancer and to help with the radiation in fighting the disease as well. 4. A psa will tell the doctors how you are doing. The reason for waiting 6 months after your last shot is because the efficacy of the shot is about 3 months. In orer to have it entirely out of your system, and allow your hormones to return to a normal state, you need an additional 3 months. At this time they will be able to take a blood sample and let you know how you are doing based off of your PSA levels. 5. You can also ask your physician for a bone scan. This will also be able to see if there any metastic lesions forming anyplace else in your body. 6. You could also ask your physician if he thinks it might be a good idea to have a PET/CT done. He might say that it is a high cost exam and that your insurance won t pay for it. You can tell him if he refers you to a facility that is enrolled in the National Pet Registry that they will cover the cost of any diagnosis of cancer....so now you can have him order the test. This will also be able to detect any potential of spread to other places in your body. 7. You could also ask your physician if a CT Scan would help at all. Of course, after radiation, you have to wait about 6 months in order to allow your body to return to normal as well internally. Radiation continues to work at the cellular level for up to 4-6 weeks after your treatment depending on what dose you were treated up to. The most important thing is to remember to ask your physician questions. If you are not satisfied, then ask another physician. You should be able to ask your urologist, if he is not willing to help, then go to your radiation oncologist. Also....do not ever let anyone tell you that you can not be cured. Prostate cancer is a very curable and treatable disease. It is not a death sentence. Continue to go to your check ups, ask plenty of questions, and really communicate with your physician. Good luck and congrats on being a cancer survivor.

QUESTION ID: YFF0JEDCN8RA6G8
QUESTION SUBJECT:  GARDEN STATE  ..which state is it , and why they call it like this ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73479
New Jersey is the State.There is no definitive explanation for New Jersey s nickname of The Garden State. It is on our license plates as the result of L.1954, c. 221; NJSA 39:3-33.2. This legislation was passed over Governor Meyner s veto. His veto message to A545, dated August 2, 1954, says in part My investigation discloses that there is no official recognition of the slogan Garden State as an identification of the State of New Jersey. Alfred M. Heston, in his two-volume work, Jersey Waggon Jaunts, published in 1926 ( Camden, NJ, Atlantic County Historical Society, 1926), twice credits Abraham Browning of Camden with coining the name at the Centennial Exhibition in Philadelphia on New Jersey Day, August 24, 1876. On page 310 of volume 2 he writes: In his address Mr. Browning compared New Jersey to an immense barrel, filled with good things to eat and open at both ends, with Pennsylvanians grabbing from one end and the New Yorkers from the other. He called New Jersey the Garden State, and the name has clung to it ever since. The problem with this is that the image of a barrel tapped at both ends dates back at least to Benjamin Franklin, so this statement crediting Browning with naming the Garden State can not be taken at face value. LOL, I copied somebodys Answer HA Ha
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22142
New Jersey is the State.There is no definitive explanation for New Jersey s nickname of The Garden State. It is on our license plates as the result of L.1954, c. 221; NJSA 39:3-33.2. This legislation was passed over Governor Meyner s veto. His veto message to A545, dated August 2, 1954, says in part My investigation discloses that there is no official recognition of the slogan Garden State as an identification of the State of New Jersey. Alfred M. Heston, in his two-volume work, Jersey Waggon Jaunts, published in 1926 ( Camden, NJ, Atlantic County Historical Society, 1926), twice credits Abraham Browning of Camden with coining the name at the Centennial Exhibition in Philadelphia on New Jersey Day, August 24, 1876. On page 310 of volume 2 he writes: In his address Mr. Browning compared New Jersey to an immense barrel, filled with good things to eat and open at both ends, with Pennsylvanians grabbing from one end and the New Yorkers from the other. He called New Jersey the Garden State, and the name has clung to it ever since. The problem with this is that the image of a barrel tapped at both ends dates back at least to Benjamin Franklin, so this statement crediting Browning with naming the Garden State can not be taken at face value.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22143
new jersey is the garden state, before the 1950,s jersey was used mainly as farm land. it was an ideal area to grow crops due to its geographical location and climate.that is how it got the nick name garden state but today it s mostly industrial and suburban areas.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 30434
New Jersey - Garden State because its famous for having (well at least it used to have) lots of great soil and great crops.

QUESTION ID: YHMDKKDVUP2EDT4
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 73261
The blue color of the sky is due to Rayleigh scattering. As light moves through the atmosphere, most of the longer wavelengths pass straight through. Little of the red, orange and yellow light is affected by the air. However, much of the shorter wavelength light is absorbed by the gas molecules. The absorbed blue light is then radiated in different directions. It gets scattered all around the sky. Whichever direction you look, some of this scattered blue light reaches you. Since you see the blue light from everywhere overhead, the sky looks blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88268
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light.  When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength.  This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light.  Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight. Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color. If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair.  You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust. Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground.  If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets.  If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen.  This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color.  Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers. If the atmosphere contains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color.  Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported.  These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin.  When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years. One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical.  This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals. It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant.  Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors.  During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white.  Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference. If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue.

QUESTION ID: YJREHE1EILUZVUY
QUESTION SUBJECT: How do I solve this money problem for math?
QUESTION CONTENT: There are 100 eggs for sale. All of the eggs are one of three types. One type for 6 dollars each, one for 3 dollars each and one for a dime each. I used 100 dollars and bought all those 100 eggs. How may of each type did I buy?There are 100 eggs for sale. All of the eggs are one of three types. Type A sells for 6 dollars each, Type B sells for 3 dollars each and Type C for a dime each. I used 100 dollars and bought ALL 100 eggs. How many of each type did I buy?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 32713
Correct answer . 6$x 1 Eggs = 6$3$x 29Eggs = 87$0.1$x70 Eggs= 7$100Eggs= 100$1Eggs of ( 6$) =6$29Eggs 0f (3$)=87$70Eggs of (0.1$)=7$Now make the Total ( 1+29+70) =!00Eggs&Total of $ (6$+87$+7$) =100$This is the answer 100$ you can buy 100Eggs
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 32714
Letx = eggs worth $ 6.00 eachy = eggs worth $ 3.00 eachz = eggs worth $ 0.10 eachThus,x + y + z = 1006x + 3y + 0.1z = 100Multiply -0.1 to the 1st equation-0.1x - 0.1y - 0.1z = -106x + 3y + 0.1z = 100Add the 2 equations:5.9x + 2.9y = 90Multiply 10:59x + 29y = 900Solve for y:29y = 900 - 59xy = (900 - 59x)/29y = (841 +59 - 59x)/29y = 29 + (59 - 59x)/29y = 29 - 59/29 (x - 1)Since y has to be a whole number, x - 1 must be a multiple of 29.  In this problem, x can only be 1, because x = 2 will make y a negative value.  Thus, x = 1, and  y= 29, leaving z = 70.Therefore, you bought1 egg worth $ 6 (or $ 6)29 eggs worth $ 3 (or $87)70 eggs worth $ 0.10 (or $7)Total:100 eggs = $ 100^_^

QUESTION ID: YNKPU7VUFDCWQYO
QUESTION SUBJECT: When drilling for oil, how do the drillers know they have struck oil?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 60267
I will try to answer comprehensively and sequencially.First if the oil/gas is blowing out to the surface, it is not a success but a failure. And very often, it will not give much indication on the RESERVES, the TYPE OF FLUIDS in the reservoir and the possible PRODUCTION FLOW.Before drilling a well, a seismic is generally shot. It means that vibrations (through air guns in water or truck shaking on land) will be generated, the sound will propagate in the ground and will reflect at the interface of the various rock layers. It will give an idea whether there is trap to keep the oil and how big are these traps. Advanced analysis can even give some clues on the type of fluids in these traps (water, gas or oil). So we get the POSSIBLE/PROBABLE RESERVES.When a well is drilled, there is inside the drilling assembly of most well a certain set of tools called MWD or LWD (Measurement While Drilling and Logging While Drilling which is one step further). The MWD/LWD is measuring downhole some parameters such as the well inclination and direction toward north, the resistivity of the rock, the natural radioactivity of the rock, the vibration and mechanical parameters (weight, torque etc...). The LWD can also give information on the porosity, the type of hydrocarbons etc... So we get the THICKNESS OF THE RESERVOIR ROCK, THE THICKNESS OF THE OIL/GAS ZONE AND THE POSSIBLE TYPE OF FLUID (OIL/GAS)Once the well is drilled, the company will logged the well with a set of tools which will give as well all parameters recorded with MWD/LWD plus some extras like permeability, hydrocarbon density etc... Samples can be taken as well and the time for taking a sample at a given pressure will give an idea on the permeability of the rock. The fluid taken downhole are brought and later are carried detailled analysis, called PVT and petrochemical analysis (for Pressure/Volume/Temperature). So we get the ACCURATE THICKNESS OF THE RESERVOIR AND THE HYDROCARBON ZONE, THE TYPE OF HYDROCARBONS DOWNHOLE, THE POSSIBLE PRODUCTION LEVEL OF THE WELL.However, people in the oil company really like it big and practical, so they are carrying well test. Basically, they will allow the well to produce the oil or the gas, measure with various settings the amount of oil and gas produced and the quality of the oil, mainly the density and for the gas the various gas components (Methane, Ethane, Propane, Butane and iso-Butane, Pentane and iso pentane). The fluids produced by the well passes through a separator, separating oil from water and from gas and sand. Then the flow(quantity) is measured using various type of flowmeters. Now it is even possible to measure flow without separators by using multiphase flowmeters allowing the calculation of the relative flow of oil, gas and water. So we get the TYPE OF FLUID REALLY PRODUCED AT SURFACE AND THE AMOUNT IT IS POSSIBLE TO PRODUCE IN SAFE CONDITIONS.I hope this answer your question.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 2614
Oil wells are pressurised and there are blow out preventers. If it spurts up out of the ground these days it means someone has stuffed up. Its flammable and very dangerous for one thing. There are tools sometimes run behind the drill bit that can detect gas and oil. Otherwise, the tools are run down the hole after drilling has stopped. Also, you can sometimes see and smell it in the rock chips that come up in the drilling fluid. Its the geologists and mudloggers that look at all this. The drillers just drill the hole.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20817
It starts spraying out of the ground in most cases.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 60268
oil doesnt spurt out of the ground anymore.  that was back in the days when it was abundant.  now the oil reservoirs are deeper underground.  we know we have hit pay (produceable hydrocarbon reservoirs) from the mud/cutting byproduct that flows back to the surface

QUESTION ID: YNYM7RZL1I101AF
QUESTION SUBJECT: How well does radation work on non-small cancer of the lung?
QUESTION CONTENT: No spreading anywhere else. We plan to take 6 weeks of radation plus a 3 hit round of chemo. Any thoughts? The goal is to shrink the tumor enough to remove only one lobe of the lung. We have tried 3 hits of chemo with no response.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 14178
I don t know everyone is an individual with different circumstances. Lung cancer is a tough one to beat, but I am sure there are people out there somewhere that have beat it. They advertise this Cancer Treatment Centers of America on TV.Maybe ask that question about it on yahoo answers and see if anyone has dealt with them. They sound like they do miracles, but that is an advertisement, so I don t know.....just make sure you have a good oncologist..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 17687
In 1990, I had Hodgkin s Lymphoma, stage 3-B, but I ve survived. My doctors were great people, but they really couldn t tell me squat about cancer. During the year in treatment, I started learning about alternative medicine. Here s what I ve figured out--FIRST, somebody--probably from the AMA--is getting my answers deleted as not a question or an answer , because they don t want you to know about this. So if you want to keep this information, you need to copy it to a wordpad document quickly, before it disappears. Hopefully, they ll give up and stop that nonsense soon, but I wouldn t count on it. Now, here goes--Cancer is caused by poor nutrition (including oxygen) which leads to a compromised immune system, and stressors. Stressors can be environmental, like heavy metals, food additives or pollution, or emotional or job stress. Our bodies have 60 trillion--yes, trillion--cells, and there are always some mutating into cancer cells, but a healthy immune system kills them before they have a chance to get a foothold in the body. It takes a LONG time, usually, or an exrtaordinary amount of stressors, to degrade the immune system to the point where it won t do its job, but once cancer has formed, it will generally spread rapidly.THIS IS IMPORTANT! There are ways to BEAT cancer that the AMA is keeping from the American public, that are currently being used in Europe and around the world. Here are some great books that is getting hard to find-- The Cure for All Cancers , ISBN 0963632825; A Cancer Therapy , ISBN 0882681052; Hydrogen Peroxide--Medical Miracle , ISBN 1885236077; The Natural Cure for Cancer--Germanium , ISBN 0533071410; Killing Cancer , ISBN 0705000966.Type used books into your browser and find a good site, then type in the ISBN numbers and get some great help cheap.I know of people whose cancer has spontaneously remitted (WENT AWAY for no known reason) after they went on a program of herbs and nutrition. The American Medical Association (AMA)  and the pharmaceutical companies control medical law and the FDA in this country with a revolving door policy. In 2004, medicine was a 1.1 TRILLION dollar business--about 1/4th of the total economy. That s just too big to care about individuals. You and your family must look out for yourselves to stand a chance of being healthy. This is not a joke, and I m not selling anything. Look into it. Best of luck
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85596
First of all i am not a doctor but a cancer survivor - get as much info on radiation as you can especially the side effects - make your own decision - it is your body
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 85597
i have a husband that is taking radiation and is doing well i have also meet a lot of people with lung cancer in early stages and they take 30 rounds and are feeling great they found out the spot was gone

QUESTION ID: YOVVED1WASO2T1O
QUESTION SUBJECT: why do ppl in america homeschool there children???
QUESTION CONTENT: well i always wondered why??so can anyone tell me whats the point or whats wrong with regular schools???
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18987
Don t you watch the news? I wouldn t send my kids there with the constant shootings and massacres there, and the government there is too stupid to realise that the schools need to be safer there.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 18988
There are many reasons, among them the ability to teach   our children proper grammar, spelling and punctuation.I m sure you will hear many, many other reasons, but that is the main one that came to mind when I read your question.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20190
What you call regular schools (I m assuming you mean public) are a new thing.  When they were formed the original purpose of regular schools was indoctrination (Just read the writings of Horace Mann) and a lowering of the education level of the average people.  Prior to public schools, Americans were by far the best educated population in the world and most of them were homeschooled.In the US, most people were classically educated with The Trivium which consisted of three stages grammar, logic/dialectic, and Rhetoric.  When public schools were formed they were designed to teach only the grammar stage.  As cumpolsory attendence laws were put into place many parents (and school officials) felt that such laws essentially banned homeschooling and compelled parents to send their children to schools.  For parents who had no money for or would have had to struggle to pay for tuition, the idea of free schooling must have been very appealing. Thus those who were poor and many in the middle class began to recieve an inferior education while those with more money continued to get a complete education at private schools.As far as indoctrination goes, just look at how far we have come in the last 150 years.  When public schools started, they had to have the appearance of being like the private schools. Thus the Bible was still taught in most schools and prayer was still allowed.  Over a course of more than 100 years that teaching was forcibly removed from the classroom and has been replaced with the humanist teachings which is what, the Father of American public Education Horace Mann and his cohorts, originally intended.Look at where it has brought us. Just a week or so in boulder Colorado a high school had a speaker who told students to engage in sexual behaviors and experiment with drugs.  The scary part is that the students, school faculty, and many of the parents saw nothing wrong with what the speaker had to say.10 Reasons to Homeschool1.   To ensure that the child(ren) involved are exposed to the right values.2.   Homeschoolers generally receive a better academic education3.   Parents can control what their kids are exposed to and when.4.   Homeschoolers generally havebetter social skills than heir traditionally schooled peers (mostly because parents are there to help with social problems as they arise)5.   Homeschoolers are less likely to be sensitive to each others differences; creating a more productive environment for a socially awkward child to build social skills.6.   Homeschoolers have closer relationships with their parents7.   Homeschoolers are less likely to have behavioral problems8.   The symptoms of many learning and developmental disabilities (such as Asperger s Syndrome and ADHD) become significantly more mild and in some cases disappear altogether when the kids are switched from a classroom setting to homeschool.9.   Home schooling works around your family s schedule rather than the family having to work their lives around a schools schedule.10.   Many Universities (including most of the ivy leagues) actively seek out home school  graduates and some have offices for which the sole purpose is to meet the needs of        home school graduates.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 37919
Just because someone homeschools doesn t necessarily mean they think there is something wrong with public schools.When we started homeschooling it was supposed to be a temporary thing for a few months with our oldest child. We just liked it so much, and it was working so well, we decided to make it permanent. We continue to homeschool our oldest, who is going on 17, as well as our two younger children.We love the freedom of our schedule without public schools involved-- there is much less stress and rushing involved than when our daughter went to school. We love that our kids are in so many varied educational and social activities-- much more varied than public schools ever offered or gave us time for. We love that they are learning according to their own needs, paces, interests, and learning styles. We love that education has become a part of life that our children can appreciate, that we don t have to force them to learn things or demand that they do things, no arguing about doing homework or groundings until test grades come up.Homeschooling has simply been a very enjoyable adventure for us all, and has produced great results and happy, bright children. It s not a rebellion, just a preferance. It doesn t need a point.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43988
Because by and large the school system sucks.Top Japanese business exects with eagerly send their kids to USC, UCLA, U Chicago, Harvard, Yale, Stanford, Princeton, but ask for transfer back home so they can put their little tikes into a good Japanese primary or secondary school.They don t even like the American private offerings, like the Montossori systems.Every American kid I know thatwent to public schools in Germany, Denmark or England rave about how superior they are to American schools.Also many American schools are unsafe.  In Los Angeles EVERY Middle and High School has metal detectors and they are now installing them in selected elementary schools.In NYC buildings are falling apart right on the heads of students in class or the rest rooms.Plus there is the four times a year random rampant shooting spree at randomdly selected schools.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43989
Well, what s the point of sending people to school? Or rather, what was the original point of sending people to school? Traditionally, children all over the world were educated at home. Schools came into being to provide education to children whose parents couldn t or wouldn t do it themselves, for whatever reason. I think this is still the reason for schools: schools are for those who can t or won t educate their children themselves. If parents feel their children will receive a better education at schools, then that s their choice. What happened is for a while, it wasn t really a choice, so everybody just sent their kids to school because you had to. Now it s most people send their kids to school because that s what they ve always known.As for the schools themselves, it depends a lot on where you live or the schools themselves. Sometimes the education itself is poor; sometimes the social climate is poor. In some places it s just plain dangerous to go. Where I live, starting at the jr. high level (roughly age 12), there are problems with drugs, alcohol, gangs, not to mention more mild things like the clothes they wear, skipping school and spraying things on their arms to put on fire. (Yes, I m serious.) There are also problems like bomb threats and the schools here have almost no security standards and there have been issues with people sneaking into bathrooms and molesting children, another case of a teenager who went into one school, got handed a knife by a student at the school and had gone to attack this other kid--over an iPod.Now, this is just where I live. A lot of places aren t this bad, but it still doesn t change that a lot of the time, the decision to homeschool is not so much based on the problems with the schools but just on being willing and able to do the job, raise their children, themselves.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43990
The children can get the Christ-like character from the institution called Sunday school where they learn the Bible.The parents cann ot read themselves.  They look at pages of textbooks, which may or may not be good books and say any printed material is a bunch of B. S. Reading, Writing and Arithmetic is not B.S. is is what you have to do to learn to drive, read the street signs, count your calories, and live in the country you were born in.  The women who say children closely supervised have never been in a classroom themselves.  Sitting in a classroom is supervision.  We assume that when they are 5 and appear at school they know how to light a fire or stove, are toilet trained, can dress themselves, then the teacher teaches them the alphabet that great 26-letter  series of symbols that we communicate with.Truant officers are needed in states all over the United States.  The truant officer is the one who makes sure all children in a rural (or urban) area attend school.  It is against the law not to send the children to school!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55264
The point is Violence and Teaching Biblical study!!! At least those are for me!! I think All you here about guns,bombs,knives,etc Is a strong reason  to Homeschool!!! Also In public school NO Bible teaching is there! And Last Sticking like 25 Kids in a clssroom 1 cookie cutter curriculum and1  teacher and trying to teach them something is Just Not right!!!Mel W Over 1 million Kids in America Are Homeschooled!?!Saint Paris Hilton SHUT UP!!!! I mean Just cause 1 kids asked his mom about his hair DOES NOT MEAN A THING!!! You Generralize WAY to much!!!  and I am Not sure I belive that 99 percent of the time you are right!! FYI Paris Hilton IS NOT A SAINT!!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55265
I homeschool because my daughter has Asperger Sydrome and cannot handle any smells, not even clothes soap

QUESTION ID: YOWRFKA700I23KB
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can a 14 year old earn $3,500 in 5 months or less?
QUESTION CONTENT: i need this money for tuition to an acting workshopits an acting workshop at nyfa. the website is http://www.nyfa.com/film_school/dates_tuition/program.php?courseb=4-Week%20Acting%20for%20Film&course=Acting%20for%20Film&application=app2&recnum=30
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54544
It s not legal.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54545
WORK YOUR BUTT OFF! TUTORING, GET A JOB AFTER SCHOOL- SOMETIMES YOU CAN GET A TUTORING JOB DURING SCHOOL!! BABYSIT.... HELP DO MAILINGS.. APPLY FOR JOBS ONLINE WHERE YOU CAN DO THE WORK ANYTIME!! SELL STUFF ON EBAY!   SELL THINGS OUT OF YOUR LOCKER IN SCHOOL! BUSINESS EVERYWHERE!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54546
I think that is possible. So in avg you have to make 700/month.I think if you dont have a great idea for business, just go work as a waiter in any restaurant. Especially those with good business, you are likely to make avg 60-70 dolalrs per night.Good luck !!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 54547
My first question to you would be - why do you need an acting workshop at the age of 14? Are you studying to become a professional? Do you have an opportunity to have stage time and need a crash course in how to deliver lines properly?Because if you re not, I would have to ask why you *need* an acting workshop, especially one that s going to put you back almost 4 grand.If you want to perform, why not seek out opportunities to be in community plays, skits at church (if you attend one), and the like? If you live close to a larger city there is a very good chance that there are companies who put on plays who might want a helping hand close by. Acting is more than walking on to a stage and delivering lines; there s a lot that goes on in the background and that s where you might be able to pick up a lot of experience and knowledge about the acting culture.Let s see... 14? So you should be in high school or thereabouts, right? So your school puts on a play once or twice a year, right? Start talking to your teachers about your chances of auditioning for one. If you aren t ready yet, maybe you can work in the wings and have time to observe how other people act.Do you sing? Get in some form of a choir. Proper breathing and singing techniques will help you project your voice, which is quintessential for delivering a good performance. Knowing what your range is and what parts you can sing will help you audition for a part that is better suited for you, one that you are more likely to get. Often-times (or at least at my high school) the music teacher is involved in some way with the play. If you stand out to him your name might be bounced around come play time. Practice singing along to Broadway songs and different show tunes - they aren t easy, compared to your average Top 40 generic musicial offering, but the better you get at them the easier a real song will be for you.How artistic are you? Do you paint, write poetry, write songs, play a musical instrument, bake ceramics, cook? The more often you express yourself the easier it will be to learn how to express yourself in new and different ways - like acting. Take art classes. I participated in two different plays when I was in high school by helping paint scenery. Everyone knew me - even if I wasn t an actor I was a part of the team.Socialize with people who act. Find actors you admire and watch movies of them, and try to imitate them. Watch yourself in a mirror as you practice your lines, your facial movements, the way you walk and hold your posture, and try to match what the person on the screen is doing.Do you read? If not, better start - read about famous actors (not Hollywood celebrities, I mean real actors), or about method acting, or the philosophy of acting. There are hundreds of different things that go into a successful performance, and there are books on just about all of them. You can even use the Internet - Google is a great resource when you ve tapped out your local library.Basically, what I m saying is immerse yourself in the culture of acting. If you live, eat, and breathe acting than you will start to understand how an actor thinks, how an actor feels. That is true education - living it!Oh yeah, shadowing a used car salesman is great on the job training. It may sound weird to you, but the purpose of acting is to sell your character to the audience.... and who are the best salesmen you know? For me that would be a used car salesman. Watch them like a hawk and try to get inside their head. It will change your life forever, and you can never go back to a state of innocence thereafter, but if you can learn how to sell a used car you can pretty much learn how to do anything.... because 95% of everything is selling!So.... yeah. If the class was cheaper, I d say go for it, why not, but 4 grand is ridiculous. I bet there s a community college nearby that has a course that s much cheaper than that... EDIT: So, I looked at the website. Are you serious??? This is a school that s offering a wide variety of film acting education.... which is okay... but you re not looking at the 1-year conservatory or even a 12-week program, but a 4-week? Are you kidding me? Look, save up, but for now I would highly recommend doing some stuff on your own, finding free or cheap ways to learn the things that they re going to tell you. People can act without ever haven taken any schooling for it.... tap in toyour inner potential! You ve got time, give yourself a year or two to immerse yourself in what it means to act, find opportunities to act that may not be big glitzy film acting, and go from there. If you want to act, then you will find a way. You just have to want it.Saul
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 58396
at your age, baby sitting is the most high paying job unless you look great for advertisement
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 58397
prostitution. haha jk don t really do that. hmm. idk. thats alot of money..... yeah, go ahead and go with robbing old ladies.

QUESTION ID: YRDR7IYWELEI508
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why did Lecy Goranson leave the show Roseanne a second time?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 79285
One of the most documented moments of the series occurred in the 5th season when Lecy Goranson (Becky) left the series to attend college. Instead of writing Becky out, the character was recast with actress Sarah Chalke sometime in the middle of season 6. Wary of the potential backlash to reshaping a longtime role, producers sought to defuse the criticism. At the end of Chalke s first episode, the Conner family watched a Bewitched episode and several characters complained about the recast of Darren Stevens. Chalke smiled and said she d always liked the second Darren best. Gorenson returned to the role two seasons later only to leave again and to be replaced by Chalke in season 9. The eighth season opening credits (a morph of cast photos over the years) alternated shots of both women for Becky. The 9th season had just Sarah Chalke s face being shown. Both appeared in some episodes during the 8th season (including alternating playing the role of Becky during the episode with Darlene and David s wedding), and the changes became a running gag. In the 8th season premiere, Lecy returns as Becky, and Roseanne and Darlene say things like Where the hell have you been? It feels like you ve been gone for 3 years as a joke. Lecy acts like she has no idea what they re talking about.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27405
I don t think she left the second time. She had just come back for a few episodes, kind of like a guest appearance.

QUESTION ID: YRSHZDV6K5YRPLP
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can this happen cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: help i have cervical cancer i had an operation and i lost the baby i had i was only 8 weeks and they thought all gone but cancer has spread now i need radiation and chem i didnt think this could happen why me
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 84766
I m really sorry about the loss of your child. I know how difficult this is. I had a mis-carriage years ago. For the longest time, I blamed myself. Thought I did something wrong, or something to cause it. I ve learned otherwise, as years have past. I m also really sorry about your cancer diagnosis. The why me questions, are just the start. I was diagnosed in March 2006 with Malignant Melanoma Stage III. I ve had two surgeries, and today was my third day of chemo. Side effects...awlful. You ve got to get yourself better. Stay strong. There is a reason for everything. You may not believe this now...but, somewhere down the line, it will come to you. You whole world right now, has been turned upside down. You will be on a roller-coaster of emotions for quit some time. If you feel like crying...cry. If you feel like yelling...yell. If you feel like talking...talk. Find those who will allow you to express yourself. You are going to need alot of support right now. I hope that you can find that. If you would like to talk...feel free. Cancer is rough. It will change your thoughts and views on live. I know that I have made changes...I want to live. I want to spent what time I do have, making memories with the ones I love...and as for the ones who don t want to encourage me, on this journey, of mine, called life...they know where they can go...and unfortunately...my husband was one...it s been extremely rough, but, I am at peace...with myself. I ve got to keep living! You do the same! Survive! I will pray for you.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 84767
Cancer can, and does happen to anyone.  I am 34, in pretty good health, and felt pretty good.  But i was diagnosed in December 2005 with renal cell carcinoma(kidney cancer).  Its hell to deal with and there are lots of questions as to why.  Seek help from someone, whether its family, clergy, or a professional.  Dont let it take you down.  Fight and and you will win!  Good Luck, and god bless!

QUESTION ID: YWM23W7WNOPNZIL
QUESTION SUBJECT: why is the sky blue?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 27361
Rayleigh scattering (named after Lord Rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particles much smaller than the wavelength of the light. It occurs when light travels in transparent solids and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. Rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particles in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 27362
The Earth s sky is blue because the air molecules (largely nitrogenand oxygen) are much smaller than the wavelength of light. When lightencounters particles much smaller than its wavelength, the scatteredintensity is inversely proportional to the 4 th power of thewavelength. This is called Rayleigh scattering, and it means thathalf the wavelength is scattered with 2**4 = 16 times more intensity.That s why the sky appears blue: the blue light is scattered some 16times more strongly than the red light. Rayleigh scattering is alsothe reason why the setting Sun appears red: the blue light has beenscattered away from the direct sunlight.Thus, if the atmosphere of another planet is composed of a transparentgas or gases whose molecules are much smaller than the wavelength oflight, we would, in general, also expect the sky on that planet tohave a blue color.If you want another color of the sky, you need bigger particles in theair. You need something bigger than molecules in the air---dust.Dust particles can be many times larger than air molecules but stillsmall enough to not fall out to the ground. If the dust particles aremuch larger than the wavelength of light, the scattered light will beneutral in color (i.e., white or gray)---this also happens in cloudshere on Earth, which consist of water droplets. If the dust particlesare of approximately the same size as the wavelength of light, thesituation gets complex, and all sorts of interesting scatteringphenomena may happen. This happens here on Earth from time to time,particularly in desert areas, where the sky may appear white, brown,or some other color. Dust is also responsible for the pinkish sky onMars, as seen in the photographs returned from the Viking landers.If the atmospherecontains lots of dust, the direct light from the Sunor Moon may occasionally get some quite unusual color. Sometimes,green and blue moons have been reported. These phenomena are quiterare though---they happen only once in a blue moon.... :) The dustresponsible for these unusual color phenomena is most often volcanicin origin. When El Chicon erupted in 1982, this caused unusuallystrongly colored sunsets in equatorial areas for more than one year.The much bigger volcanic explosion at Krakatoa, some 110 years ago,caused green and blue moons worldwide for a few years.One possible exception to the above discussion is if the clouds on theplanet are composed of a strongly colored chemical. This might occuron Jupiter, where the clouds are thought to contain sulfur, phosphorus,and/or various organic chemicals.It s also worth pointing out that the light of the planet s primary isquite insignificant. Our eyes are highly adaptable to the dominatingillumination and perceive it as white, within a quite wide range ofpossible colors. During daytime, we perceive the light from the Sun(6000 K) as white, and at night we perceive the light from ourincandescent lamps (2800 K, like a late, cool M star) as white. Onlyif we put these two lights side-by-side, at comparable intensities,will we perceive a clear color difference.If the Sun was a hot star (say of spectral type B), it s likely westill would perceive its light as white and the sky s color as blue

QUESTION ID: YWWJEPMSWEDF0V0
QUESTION SUBJECT: How can i lose 50-100 pounds in 2 months without interrupting my school work???
QUESTION CONTENT: i am 197 pounds and 5 foot 6 inches tall and i want to lose 50-100 pounds in 2 months. i must keep up my school record for i am going to middle school in a year. i ahve not weighed 100 pounds since i was 7 and i am eager to reach my goals. please respond as soomn as possible.    thanks !!!       sam
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31001
sorry, thats not going to happen...you could loose maby 50 in 2 months, but that would still be an unusuallly large amount
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31002
taht s REDICULOUS. i m young aswell but you re way too young to do loose 50-100 lbs THAT quickly . if you d like start off with a low carb diet , that will get you to loose weight quickly and start youoff to loosing more weight . loosing tht much weight will take ATLEAST 6 months . if you re starting middle school join school teams , they re fun and a great way of making yourself feel better and not spend your time eating . perhaps ask your parents for some help too . goodluck in whatever you do . remmeber 50-100lbs in 6 months is still rather quick . goodluck.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50023
defitnitely dont lose 100 pounds
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 50024
Baby girl if your 5 6 it s ok to lose a little weight, but not 100.  Let s get real...they say for a girl 5 6 130 is the average weight...that s probably true if you think twig thin is cute, but if not and you like the healthy look let s say a good average for a girl 5 6 would be probably between 130 and 160.  And WOAH Momma 2 months thats a bit ecstatic...how about you think about losing between 10 to 20 pounds...Now the how have you tried zone meals...Its basicly where yhou can eat all the veggies and fruit you want raw or cooked and a small portion of plan protein like meat or a meat substitute.  Totaly nix the empty carbs or lower it significantly.I would recommend you couple your good diet with some moderte exercise.  If you feel you don t have time try mulititasking...while your watching T.v. do all the jumping jacks you can...while your on the floor studying throw in a couple of sets of crunches to break things up...and while your waiting in line do arm curls with whatever your holding like your bookbag.  The point is you have to change your lifestyle If  you really want to keep the weight off.And remember if your doing this for your health right on, but if your doingit because you have low self esteem...Think about all the beautiful things about yourself and never forget them.And I m not saying that you have an eating disorder, but when you talk about losing one hundred pounds you scare me lol so please read this article.  If it applies be much obliged If it s not brush it off like dried snot... I know I love the imagery too.  Love you and be safe losing the extra weight.Cultural Influences on Eating Disordersby Nancy Riggins-Hume, LCSW nhume@pacbell.net Anywhere you look in today s society, there are mixed messages about weight, eating, and food. Women s magazine covers show photos of luscious desserts,while advertising the latest weight-loss fad right next to them. Websites abound with diet tips, exercise plans, and encouragement to find something to hate about your body. Restaurants serve gigantic portions, and the obesity rate in America has steadily risen over the past decade.For women with eating disorders, cultural influences seem particularly powerful. Remarks made by parents, friends, teachers or other perceived authority figures can result in distorted body images. Karen Carpenter reacted to a review referring to her as chubby at a time when she was 5 4 and weighed 145 lbs. From 1973, she began losing weight, and her belief remained that she was fat even when she weighed 80 lbs. She died in 1983 as a result of anorexia and bulimia. Oprah Winfrey is another celebrity who has visibly struggled with weight issues over the years. Sadly, it is almost impossible to get healthy messages about food, diet and exercise in the US. On one side, there are websites that refer to Ana for anorexia and Mia for bulimia as positive, and on the other, are groupssuch as the International Size Acceptance Association, that advocate acceptance of obesity as normal and natural. Then there are television shows such as Extreme Makeover or Carnie Wilson s promotion of bariatric surgery through Spotlight Health.It is important to recognize that your innate value has nothing to do with your appearance. You are not your body, and who you are is more important than what you look like. If you are experiencing an eating disorder, pleaseseek help. Nancy Riggins-Hume, LCSWUBH Public Sector

QUESTION ID: YXDF72PQHR67HLW
QUESTION SUBJECT: Aspirin - how much does it thin the blood by?
QUESTION CONTENT: I am working on a project, and I need to know how much aspirin thins the blood, if anyone knows this information it would be much appreciated. As i need to work on a non-surgical method to treat heart disease, so i am looking at aspirin. Which i can then link to my fluid mechanicsI am working on the basis on 81mg aspirin. I need a value of how much it is thinned, if it is possible, so i can use it work on my fluid mechanics project.Or if there is any other drugs that do the same sort of thing, and by how much.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 802
As all the above.  Aspirin knocks out the platelets and so reduces the clotting.  Once knocked out, the individual platelets (thrombocytes) are useless and eventually die.  The average life of the platelet is six months.Hence: the rationale behind the 75 mg-81mg dose is that only a small proportion of platelets are deactivated on a daily basis.  The platelets are replaced on a daily basis and so the platelet aggregation factor is reduced but not removed altogether.  It is only the aspirin that has the anti-platelet activity rather than the salicylate metabolite.  The half life of the anti-platelet activity therefore is only 20 minutes.  Conversely the aspirin also inhibits the release of prostacyclin from blood vessel walls.  Prostacyclin is  vaso-dilator and would reduce blood pressure (by reducing blood volume), however it is accepted that whereas this inhibition is reversible the inhibition of the platelets isn t so the long term benefits of the aspirin use is justified.If you are studying the rheological properties of blood, there has been some work to show that statins change the flow properties of blood to some extent. If treating heart disease aspirin is normally used alongside other drugs with different modes of action.  Its main role is in prevention of primary or secondary event or stroke.Other drugs that thin the blood in the same sort of way is clopidogrel.  Still under patent it is used only if the patient is intolerant to aspirin.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 803
Blood thinners don t actually thin the blood - they inhibit clotting by interfering with enzymes that cause platelets to clump.   There is no change in viscosity of the blood, but aspirin prevents increases in flow resistance to develop due to the formation of clots.  The effect of aspirin and other anti-coagulents is usually measured as bleeding time or clotting time, which is a standardized test in a vial that is difficult to relate to the physical effects in an actual blood vessel.  You may be able to find bleeding and clotting times in medical literature, and somehow relate this to development of clots and increased flow resistance as clots grow.You could also add in effects of vasodilators such as Hydralazine (Apresoline) and Minoxidil (Loniten), which widen blood vessels.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1750
the degree of anti coagulation is not normally measured...it is less than the expected effect of other drugs such as heparin, warfarin, lovenox, plavix, etc...most of the effects/dosage is weight dependent and individualized according to measurable lab results...and are u considering 81mg or 325mg of aspirin?

QUESTION ID: YXRQN2O0GLAV7PR
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why don t people read anymore?
QUESTION CONTENT: I just finished reading the new Robert Jordan book and I started reading the Cronicals of Narnia.  A couple of the guys that are in the barracks with me looked at me like I was crazy when I said I was reading a book.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70233
I think that you mean reading is by reading book, right. Well if you look in the statistics of how many people read, you will find that a lot of people still read books. The others may be reading magazines, comics, newspapers, blogs, e-mails, newsletters, or reading digitally.By the way, if you believe in the balance of life, you will not find zero people reading books. There will always people who read books nonetheless.Reading will not stop as it is away of gaining knowledge especially reading books as the knowledge in them are solid not digital.So, keep on reading and embark the tradition on the hearts of others especially the young ones. I do also love reading.Ah, yes. I forgot. About the guys in the barracks, I think that maybe they are joking or just plain brawny without brains. One of the typical wonders of the world. No offense to others.By the way, how was the new Wheel of Time book?Check on others opinions. They also have good reasons.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25047
Probably they use a robot to scan the book and then convert to text on a wordpad.Then they use text to speech tool to hear out the Microsoft s Sam or Peedy the parrot read out to them.Yeah, Why read yourself , when your computer can do it for you...Thats somewhere we are heading to... ;) You need to catch up .. Slow Guy...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25048
With distractors such as TV, the Internet, cell phones, and the like; people are less likely to make time to sit down and actually read a book. Also, people don t discus books as much as they discus other things, like sports scores, stock prices, etc. When was the last time you heard someone give a good pitch about a book they read?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 25049
There are a lot of ways to read a book these days. Cliff notes, E books (still have to read), message boards about the book, books on CD, and then of course, the MOVIES. I also think we are on information overload these days...with internet, etc. Why would we sit there and process more information on purpose? I mean, reading is so much harder than watching TV etc. Of course, you and I know that reading is also a source of enlightenment and escape, etc. But it is also effort. And we seem to be so rushed around. Everything has to happen lickety bang. We don t want to wait 3 days to finish a book and find out what happens. We want to watch the movie, TIVo through the commercials and find out NOW. EVERYTHING is faster paced. It s no surprise that lots of people claim to be too busy.We often push reading as a way to relax. As such, we suggest things like reading in bed at the end of the day. Well, I love to read in bed at the end of the day but sometimes I find myself awake with drool all over myself at 3AM totally disoriented, lamp on, neck sore, book sort of in hand. SO maybe reading needs to be discussed and planned as a more stimulating activity, not a restful one. Because we are too tired sometimes...to just sit and read.Lots of people claim not to have time. I say that is a copout, usually a matter of priorities, but I don t blame anyone for choosing something else...it is a matter of choice and sometimes limitation (learning disabilities, etc). Of course, I think reading the original book by holding the pages in your hand is the best way to experience the story the way the author intended. But my main hope is that people open their hearts to STORIES...whatever it takes is fine by me.One of the most comforting things in my life is old beatup paperback books...I can t imagine them not being a thing I enjoy all the time. But then again, I am only one person.

QUESTION ID: YXUNQMWD3OHV4SF
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to improve at volleyball???
QUESTION CONTENT: I m a freshman on my school s JV volleyball team.  I m 5 10 1/2 and an outside hitter.  This was my first year playing and the season went well.  I had a stable position switching with my libero but I still need to improve.  I can tip low by the ten foot line but I can t tip deep.  I end up carrying the ball instead.  Also, my serves aren t as consistent as I d like them to be and I need help with digging.  I m alright at passing but there s always room for improvement.  It s the off season now but I m doing a club.  I m also starting a regular workout soon to improve my vertical and arm strength but what else can I do to up my game???I m also planning on playing in college and my coach says I definetally have the potential.  I m really determined about this so please help.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6020
i had a problem with the refs calling me for carrying the ball when in fact it was a legal hit/tip.but if you want to tip deep  just do your approach and  then at the last second go with two hands and kind of shoot the ball into the back corners if the defense is playing up. if they are playing back a good place to dump it is to the center by the net (usually where the bball jump circle is).also, even though you are tall, you can still be a good passer(im 5 11+ and played all the way around,&just back row in a few games), it wouldn t hurt to work on leg strength and speed from a low position. try squats and shuffling and running sideways staying as low as you can.also, i cannot tell you how lucky you are to have a coach that supports you. if you had one like I did in 8th grade you will go places. (if you have one like i do now.ehhhh*shudder* but i digress...).come in early to your club practices if you can, and ask your coach to help you with your serves. start off by concentrating on your toss. then hit it over and over, eventually working your way further away from the net. some people are naturally good servers. but most good servers are those with thousands of repetitions with proper technique. also, start going to summer camps at local universities/colleges -big help with your game&getting your face out there.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6021
The biggest key to improvement in volleyball is to get as much time on the court as you possibly can, and if you can t get on the court, have a volleyball in your hands. Any chance you get to play doubles, even just a pickup game, is good for you because it makes you learn all parts of the game...

QUESTION ID: YYGRID5OVK5RZTH
QUESTION SUBJECT: Seriously, how do I deal with my wife having Cancer?
QUESTION CONTENT: I believe she is healed, trying not to claim this.  Barbara my wife I love always.  This sucks because I cant do anything but be here for her.  I am stll very faithfull, but shoot it s hard, temptations.  I do believe in God and pray, not trying to question, my faith has gone down a notch.Barbara or any one does not deserve this, I would not wish this on anyone ever.  Every day is a challenge, I am trying to do everything, cook, wash clothes without complaining.Complaing will not change anything, I lost my job back in January, i m on this computer asking for real advice.This is a heck of a test, when we get through this no one can not tell us anything. God help, dang I wanna cry right now. Please help, I love my wife, gift from you God.We used to do a Cancer benifit run. What sucks, my mother in law passed away December 2005 from Cancer, we miss n love you.Help me with serious advise, suggesion, and honest answers.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 88769
I m so sorry for the ordeal you both are having right now. My father has liver cancer now and my mother died because of liver cancer too.What I can say is never be apart from her. Be strong, brave, and patient. Talk to her and tell her good stories as it will make her feel very comfortable. Try to do a lot of fun things like going on a picnic with her while she still can. Visiting your relatives and going out with friends will help too.I suggest your wife go on holistic diet which is consuming vegetables and fruits. My father is doing that now in order to keep fighting the cancer and he no longer eats red meat as it will make the cancer grow stronger. Also the main point of holistic treatment is not consuming chemical-based medicines. You can find holistic books in amazon.com and I m sure there s a doctor specialized in holistic treatment in your area.I m wishing the best of luck for both of you. Keep praying, always believe in God and dont forget that miracles do happen. We can share a lot about this :) Cheers!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28785
You re right, and we medical professionals do understand.  Nobody deserves cancer.  Nobody should have to suffer through a loved one s battle with the disease, either.  But it happens and we either find ways to deal with it or we continue to suffer.Don t be ashamed of feeling sorry for yourself and wanting to learn how to cope.  Hey, you are your loved one s primary support and if you don t take care of yourself, it s much, much harder to do positive things for her.There is no reason whatsoever not to reach out for help.  Your wife s medical team can suggest ways to get the support your whole family needs right now.  You might talk to your pastor, and you might talk to a mental health professional.  What, you thought those folks were only for crazy people?  Guess again!  Go to your county mental health clinic, explain what s going on to the receptionist, and that person will be able to hook you up with additional help - sometimes the best sort of help for what you re dealing with is a support group composed of people who are going through exactly what you are as well as some who ve moved beyond those stages.Don t forget the rest of the family.  A diagnosis of cancer affects them, too.  They may also need some serious help dealing with the situation.  Good luck!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48883
You are doing everything you can. Just let her know daily (many times a day) that you love her. Listen to her words and treasure the time you have. Hopefully, she will beat this terrible thing. Don t beat yourself up over this...for feeling helpless and angry. Just remember, your anger is at this disease not her. She couldn t help it. Love yourself and her. Maybe you can find a job that allows you to work from home. Keep making dreams with her and setting goalsto work toward together. Fill her days with happiness. I commend you on being faithful to her. She really deserves that and so do you. At least you have the peace of mind that you ve been a #1 husband to her. God bless both of you.

QUESTION ID: YZED5HCQV3YZSPB
QUESTION SUBJECT: How Does a mood ring work?
QUESTION CONTENT: I bought a mood ring an i dont know how it works.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10887
Mood rings contained a heat-sensitive liquid crystal encased in quartz. As the body temperature of the owner changed, the crystals changed colors. The colors were said to correspond to the wearer s mood at the time (hence, the mood ring ).The stone of a mood ring is really a hollow quartz or glass shell containing thermotropic liquid crystals. Modern mood jewelry is usually made from a flat strip of liquid crystals with a protective coating. The crystals respond to changes in temperature by twisting. The twisting changes their molecular structure, which alters the wavelengths of light that are absorbed or reflected. Wavelengths of light is another way of saying color , so when the temperature of the liquid crystals changes, so does their color.Mood rings were first seen as an extremely popular fad in the late 1970s, and they resurface regularly! The idea behind a mood ring is simple: Wear it on your finger and it will reflect the state of your emotions. The ring s stone should be dark blue if you re happy, and it supposedly turns black if you are anxious or stressed. While mood rings cannot reflect your mood with any real scientific accuracy, they actually are indicators of your body s involuntary physical reaction to your emotional state.The stone in a mood ring is either a hollow glass shell filled with thermotropic liquid crystals, or a clear glass stone sitting on top of a thin sheet of liquid crystals (see How LCDs Work for lots of details on liquid crystals). These liquid crystal molecules are very sensitive; they change position, or twist, according to changes in temperature. This change in molecular structure affects the wavelengths of light that are absorbed or reflected by the liquid crystals, resulting in an apparent change in the color of the stone. For example, as the temperature increases, the liquid crystal molecules twist slightly in one direction. This twist causes the liquid crystal substance to absorb more of the red and green portions of the visible light, and reflect the blue part. This causes the stone to appear dark blue. When the temperature decreases, the molecules begin to twist in the other direction, and reflect a different portion of the spectrum.The inside of the ring conducts heat from your finger to the liquid crystals in the stone. The color green, which signifies average on the mood ring color scale, is calibrated to the surface temperature of a typical person, approximately 82 degrees Fahrenheit (28 degrees Celsius). If your surface temperature varies far enough from the norm, then the liquid crystals in the stone alter enough to cause a change in the color reflected. And if you take a mood ring off, it will normally change to black unless the ambient temperature is very high.Take a look at the Mood Ring colors listed below, and what mood they represent. The colors are listed according to the change in temperature they represent, with dark blue being the warmest and black the coolest.    * Dark blue: Happy, romantic or passionate    * Blue: Calm or relaxed    * Blue-green: Somewhat relaxed    * Green: Normal or average    * Amber: A little nervous or anxious    * Gray: Very nervous or anxious    * Black: Stressed, tense or feeling harried If you take a moment to think about the moods represented by the colors, you ll see a definite correlation between your body s surface temperature and the color of the liquid crystal. When you are in a passionate mood, your skin is usually flushed. This is a physical reaction to an emotion, causing the capillaries to move closer to the surface of the skin and release heat. This brings about a slight change in the surface temperature of your body. When you are nervous or stressed, your skin may feel clammy. This physical reaction to your emotional state causes the capillaries to move deeper into your skin, causing the surface temperature to drop.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20856
I believe that it has to do with how hot or cold you are.

QUESTION ID: YZFINY024NYCVDO
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does skin cancer kill you?
QUESTION CONTENT: we here of people that actually die from skin cancer but how do they actually die?i had a malignant melanoma four years ago i had it removed and surgery ive since had sevaral more removed(non malignant)and have checups every four months now.thanks for your answers
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 1448
Yes you can die from skin cancer, especially the one that originates from the mole. Its the most dangerous one out there. That is because it metastasises early. Metastasis is a process by which parts of the cancer breaks off and travels through the blood vessels or lymphatics to different parts of the body and starts growing there.If a cancer hasnot metastasised by the time it it is diagnosed there is a very good chance of complete cure if the cancer can be excised as a whole. If, however there has been metastasis, it becomes very difficult to search and destroy all cancer cells and these cells will eventually grow and destroy normal cells of the body and take away all the nutrition for its own growth, eventually causing death either by constricting a vital structure or destroying it.Of all the skin cancers melanomas( which arise from the mole) are most unpredictable and can pop up years later at wierd sitess just when you thought you had everything under control.One must be very careful of the following skin changes- a mole that- suddenly grows in size- is irregular- is multicolored (i.e parts of it might be brown to red to black and not uniformly brown or uniformly black etc)- a lesion on the face that does not heal. It spread to other organs and  damage the tissues deeply and the patient dies. If you ever see anything like this, consult your doctor immediately.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 20420
Complications of melanoma include the following:    * Spread to other organs    * Damage to deep tissue    * Side effects of treatment          # Nausea          # Hair loss          # Fatigue          # PainIn the advanced stages of melanoma that has spread, death may occur.Please see the web pages for more details and images on Skin cancer.

QUESTION ID: Z0LLRQIF7JU6A1K
QUESTION SUBJECT: How easily will I be able to get into college and what classes should I take?
QUESTION CONTENT: I want to be a pharmacist and I d say that I m smart.  I m in my sophomore year of high school and beginning to register for my junior year.  So far I ve taken:-AP US History-AP Stats-Honors Alg. 2-All Honors Core Classes (except Bio, which I ve been regretting)and I ve got a 3.97 GPAAlso I m in:-Cross Country-1 season of track (not going to continue)-Math Team-Student CouncilI have volunteered about 16 hours at a Medical CenterAlso I took the PSAT and got in the 92nd percentile among juniorsSo I m wondering what classes I should take to prepare for college and Pharmacy school as well as other things I should do.  Thanks so much!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3874
first, to be a pharmacist, you must get into graduate school and into the pharmacy program, and take the require classes to get the degree and license to work. before that you must go to the standard 4 years undergraduate school and major in something that hopefully you ll enjoy and help you to get into the grad. school. that s up to you. but since you re still in hs, i would suggest take up to calculus 2 (if that s offer), it will definitely make math alot easier in college. then takeall the chemistry, you ll be learning chemistry like crazy, and definitely take all the biology. science and math will be your best friend for the next 8 years or so. so focus and it ll be easier in college. then take the AP class that are offer, even if its English or Art (maybe not art) but the more AP classes that you take and the more AP test that you pass, the less class you have to take when you are in college, and you ll save alot of money and have moer time to focus on you major as well as graduating early and get into grad school quicker. hope this help. also, volunteer at a hospital over the summer, and try going for a top position in a club, it ll shows the college that you re hard worker and well rounded, meaning more scholarships!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3875
Pharmacy programs want to see a lot of chemistry, so starting/continuing with chemistry is a must.  There are usually a total of eight chemistry classes in UG and pharmacy school (since that is the basis of pharmacology).  And you should take that biology class as well.  Physics would also be good, and you need to be to or near calculus andtake more of that in UG.  Your other activities look great, and you test well apparently, so you should be fine.

QUESTION ID: Z223Z5FLHHDFCFO
QUESTION SUBJECT: How does the Franchise tag protect a player?
QUESTION CONTENT: They say Seattle has never been the same since Hutchenson left, and they could have franchised him but chose not to.Now Trufaunt is  a free agent.  Will the hawks franchise him?  Would that mean he will remain a hawk if they do?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 67460
although it really does hurt the player being franchised, it is generally for the greater good of all players. when the collective bargining agreement was signed (CBA), teams can slap certain players with franchise tags. but in exchange, they had to do something for all other players (i cant remember off the top of my head). it was basically hurt a few to help the majority. in this case, trufaunt will stay as a seehawk for one more year (atleast). for most players who are unhappy with the tag, they sign a thing saying they cannot be franchised tag two years in a row nate clements was tagged two years ago and signed an agreement like that. then, after one year of being tagged, went to san fran as a free agent. lance briggs signed and asante samuel signed similar agreements last year.thats not to say they wont end up being signed to long term deals later.part of the reason teams dont want to sign these players to long term deals is because they feel that their window of opptunity to win a superbowl has passed (why invest money into medium aged players? give it to young, high draft picks who are the future.) as you probably know, mike holmgren is close to retiring (coach of hawks), in part because he knows the window is closing (their o-line and running game is falling, but if they can patch that up, they should be fine).if they feel they can make ONE more season, they tag a player to use him, try to win a superbowl, and then slump towards rebuilding.if the hawks are going to enter a rebuilding stage, why waste money on guys who arent going to be the future?or maybe they have a backup in the waiting (they spent their first pick [a second rounder]on a CD from maryland last year- the hawks may think he is the future at CB, but needs one more year in nickel situtations and learning on the bench before he s ready). often, playing these rookies is much cheaper then playing the high price of these free agents.(see- colts: they let lots of players leave in free agency and draft players they need 1-2 years in advance. when a dude leaves, they plug in a rookie who s been on the bench for about 2-3 years. although that is influenced by the tampa 2 scheme they use. idea is the same though....)
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 6983
Franchise tagging a player is very bad for the player, but good for the team. A player who has been franchised must sign with the team. The team then, takes the top three salaries of that players position and averages it out. For example the Hawks will pay Trufant the average of the three highest paid CBs in the L. The bad thing is, there is no signing bonus, so if Trufant were to have a season ending injury, he wouldn t get money. Very disadvantageous for the player.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21119
they should pay-up and then the TAG wouldnt be needed
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 59868
it means he cant be released or traded for and is with that club no matter what.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 67461
they sold the franchise player idea to the union as good for the player.  when a franchise tag is put on a player  the player must sign for the avg of the top 5 salaries at their position.   if the player was a free agent he  might get paid more than the  top player at his position in a free market.not totally true  a player can not be cut from the team for an injury on the field.   if he was injured in week 1  the team must put him on injured reseve and the player still gets paid for that  year.  the team can decide what to do and he could be cut  for the remainder of his contract.  if it is a 1 year deal like the  franchise tag.  the team  is off the hook.

QUESTION ID: Z4WVTJ3EYZJNTB1
QUESTION SUBJECT: what teams played in the longest baseball game,What was the score and how many pitchers were there in the game
QUESTION CONTENT: i know but do u?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 70635
May 1st, 1920, Brookly Dodgers and Boston Braves, playes 26 consecutive innings, 1-1 for 28 innings, about four hours, became to dark to see the ball, pitches played intire game.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24151
MLB s longest game was between the Chicago White Sox and the Milwaukee Brewers played a game lasting 8 hours and 6 minutes on May 9, 1984. The Chicago White Sox eventually won 7-6 in the 25th inning.The longest professional baseball game ever played was a minor league match between Rochester and Pawtucket that took place on April 18, 1981. The two teams played deep into the frigid night with no end in sight. The game began just after 8:00 PM local time and continued until 4:07 AM the next morning, when it was paused after 32 innings. (The umpire s rule book was missing the revision that placed a curfew on game length.) On June 23, 65 days later, play resumed. The game was decided after just 18 more minutes as Pawtucket s Dave Koza singled off of Rochester s Cliff Speck to drive in Marty Barrett as the winning run, giving the PawSox a 3-2 victory. The official length of the game is listed as 8:25, also a record. 14 pitchers were used during the game. Two future Hall of Famers were part of the historic game. Cal Ripken, Jr. went 2-13 on the night playing third base for Rochester. Wade Boggs played third base for Pawtucket and went 4-12 with a double and an RBI.

QUESTION ID: Z5NPVSG1ZFQAGLU
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do some people believe Global Warming isnt happening?
QUESTION CONTENT: or more simply... why do people actually believe Ozone depletion never occurs? My guess is that these people live somewhere in the jungle and never got an education. maybe someone who doesnt believe in global warming can asnwer me.and no.. the government is brainwashing people to believe this. Through studying and science we can put 1+1 together.the government isnt*Evidence: trends, comparisons to previous years. hottest its been in 2000 years but my main concern is with those who dont believe in Ozone depletion. i mean how much more obvious can it be when the world bans CFCs because they almost destroyed the ozone. (if you dont know hjow CFCs did this go look it up, its not a theory, its fact)listen, i know they are different.i just throwing both of them into the category.ozone depletion was because of CFCs.i know...but global warming is a broader topic which attracts more attention to the answerers.  so yes i know the difference.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 30221
It s because people don t take the time to consider things that don t instantly affect them. We live in a world of instant gratification, and people only care about the immediate here and now. Forget about the future, right? Science will protect us from whatever harm happens. Besides, we can t have that much of an effect, the world has survived long enough with us on there.I ve heard all of that above. It takes a basic understanding of science to understand why global warming is a problem. Most people envision temperature jumps of 20-30 degrees above normal to be what it would take for a problem to occur. They don t realize what a small change it would take to change the environment. Most people either don t know or don t care how our actions affect the rest of the world because when they go for a drive across town in their air conditioned SUV, they don t smell the CO2 emissions and don t feel any heat difference right away. It s like being out in the sun without sunscreen. You don t realize you re being burned until the damage is done. Unfortunately there are people who still doubt the effectiveness of sunblock too! Hopefully we can educate the younger generations (mine is a good example) and a global paradigm shift can take place in relation to the environment.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 82278
 The Earth has been at it s hottest in 2000 years Well guess what?  THE EARTH HAS BEEN HERE FOR OVER 30 MILLION YEARS!!!   If you re freaking out about the hole in the ozone then that s been there as long as man walked the earth!  THE EARTHS WEATHER CHANGES EVERY MILLENIUM JUST TO LET YOU KNOW, REMEMBER THE ICE AGE?  DID YOU KNOW THAT EARTH HAS BEEN THROUGH VERY HOT TIMES HOTTER THEN WHAT IT IS NOW?  JUST TO LET YA KNOW

QUESTION ID: Z6MYEKKU0F8X8WG
QUESTION SUBJECT: why doesnt water burn?
QUESTION CONTENT: h2o has a stable oxygen atom, when heated gets converted to steam. hydrogen gas burns so why doesnt steam?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75732
VTNomad is right.  Hydrogen gas is H:H (two hydrogen atoms sharing a covalent bond) and molecular oxygen is O=O (two oxygen atoms sharing two covalent bonds).Oxidation results from electronegativity, or the affinity of atoms for electrons.  Oxygen is very electronegative, which means it really, really wants to have it s own electrons, and it hates to share them (metaphorically speaking, of course).  Hydrogen is not very electronegative, and its pretty content to walk around as a positive ion with no electrons at all.  It is the weakling on the school playground who will get beaten up and have its electrons stolen by the big kids, like oxygen and chlorine.Two oxygen atons don t like having to share electrons, but they can t take them from one another.  But if an oxygen molecule sees two hydrogen molecules, then the two oxygen atoms will part ways, and each will beat up the hydrogen weakling and take both of its electrons.  The fight that ensues is fire, where the rapid loss of energy (O=O bonds and H-H bonds have a lot of energy, while H-O-H bonds are low in energy) becomes heat and light, aka fire.An oxygen atom, though it likes electrons, will have a negative charge of -2 if it has the eight total electrons needed for Nobel configuration.  Likewise, Hydrogen will have a positive charge if denied its electrons.  So oxygen will let two little hydrogens tag along, and the H2O molecule is charge neutral.  But in water, the electrons are almost always around the oxygen, while the hydgrogen has very little chance of any electrons being around it for very long.  These bonds are low energy.Other things that burn--coal, gas, methane--these are things where carbon shares electrons with either more carbon or with hydrogen.  O2 will come along and steal electrons.  But O2 can t steal electrons from water, because the oxygen atom in water is just as tough (electronegative) as the oxygen in O2, so it won t win that fight.  But oxygen can take electrons from carbon (giving CO2, or carbon dioxide) or hydrogen, and it does.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 24411
The above answer is totally incorrect and has nothing to do with Chemistry. Water isn t flammable because it cannot oxidize. Burning is esentially rapid oxidization.

QUESTION ID: ZA2TXCJV5QJFOMR
QUESTION SUBJECT: How to find one person is having Heart Attack?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 1356
By signs and symptoms you can say the persons is having  heart attack-Heart attacks have many variable signs and symptoms. Not all people who have heart attacks experience the same ones or experience them to the same degree. Many heart attacks aren t as dramatic as the ones you ve seen on TV or in the movies.For example, heart attack symptoms in women, in older adults and in people with diabetes tend to be less pronounced. Some people have no symptoms at all. Still, the more signs and symptoms you have, the greater the likelihood that you may be having a heart attack.Warning signs and symptoms of a heart attack include:    * Pressure, fullness or a squeezing pain in the center of your chest that lasts for more than a few minutes    * Pain extending beyond your chest to your shoulder, arm, back, or even to your teeth and jaw    * Increasing episodes of chest pain    * Prolonged pain in the upper abdomen    * Shortness of breath    * Sweating    * Impending sense of doom    * Lightheadedness    * Fainting    * Nausea and vomitingA heart attack can occur anytime ??? at work or play, while you re resting, or while you re in motion. Some heart attacks strike suddenly, but many people who experience a heart attack have warning signs and symptoms hours, days or weeks in advance. The earliest predictor of an attack may be recurrent chest pain (angina) that s triggered by exertion and relieved by rest. Angina is caused by temporary, insufficient blood flow to the heart. The medical term for insufficient blood flow to the heart is cardiac ischemia. -
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 14852
http://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/actintime/index.htm
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 46988
The most common symptoms of coronary artery disease (CAD) are: Chest pain or chest discomfort (angina) or pain in one or both arms or in the left shoulder, neck, jaw, or back, Shortness of breath, profuse sweating, numbness in hands etc. Please note that diabetic patients may not get the pain in the heart. When a person gets symptoms of chest pain due to the blockages, the problem has already exceeded the alarming level.

QUESTION ID: ZADTB1UF0ZO6KSN
QUESTION SUBJECT: how does typhoid fever / salmonella typhi spread ?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3716
Salmonella Typhi lives only in humans. Persons with typhoid fever carry the bacteria in their bloodstream and intestinal tract. In addition, a small number of persons, called carriers , recover from typhoid fever but continue to carry the bacteria. Both ill persons and carriers shed S. Typhi in their feces (stool). You can get typhoid fever if you eat food or drink beverages that have been handled by a person who is shedding S. Typhi or if sewage contaminated with S. Typhi bacteria gets into the water you use for drinking or washing food. Therefore, typhoid fever is more common in areas of the world where handwashing is less frequent and water is likely to be contaminated with sewage. Once S. Typhi bacteria are eaten or drunk, they multiply and spread into the bloodstream. The body reacts with fever and other signs and symptoms.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3717
Fecal oral route.  Some droplet inhalation too.  Mostly direct person to person contact too.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 61937
TyphoidImportant It is possible that the main title of the report Typhoid is notthe name you expected. Please check the synonyms listing to find the alternate name(s) and disorder subdivision(s) covered by this report. SynonymsEnteric Fever Salmonella Typhi Infection Typhoid Fever Disorder SubdivisionsNone General DiscussionTyphoid fever is a bacterial infection that is rare in the United States. However, it is not rare in many other countries. Major symptoms may include unusually high fever, headache, loss of appetite, fatigue, abdominal pain and diarrhea.ResourcesCenters for Disease Control and Prevention 1600 Clifton Road NEAtlanta, GA 30333Tel: (404)639-3534Tel: (800)311-3435Email: http://www.cdc.gov/netinfo.htmInternet: http://www.cdc.gov/NIH/National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases6610 Rockledge DriveMSC 6612Bethesda, MD 20892-6612Tel: (301)496-5717Fax: (301)402-3573TDD: (800)877-8339Internet: http://www.niaid.nih.gov/World Health Organization (WHO) Regional Office for the Americas (AMRO)Pan American Health Organization (PAHO)525 23rd Street NWWashington, DC 20037Tel: (202)974-3000Fax: (202)974-3663Email: postmaster@paho.orgInternet: http://www.who.ch/

QUESTION ID: ZDIZKQJTXC7EN2T
QUESTION SUBJECT: how to explain scientific method to a ten year old?
QUESTION CONTENT: My 10 year old cousin has develop an interest in science. He wants me to tell him what it is. How would you explain what scientific method is to a ten year old and how can you apply it to everyday life? give examples... i am not pretty good at science. Now he is asking me so many questions that I don t know where he gets them from...
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 3023
Well - you can illustrate an everyday problem that can be investigated by the scientific method.All the scientific method is is: propose an hypothesis, test the hypothesis, modify or discard the hypothesis (if appropriate), re-test the (new) hypothesis ... repeat.So - let s say you can t get the TV to come on.[1]propose hypothesis - maybe the TV is unplugged.[2]test hypothesis - check if it s plugged in. It is.[3]new hypothesis - maybe the remote has flat batteries.[4]test hypothesis - replace the batteries. Still not working.[5]new hypothesis - maybe the TV is okay, and it s the cable box that won t turn on.[6]test hypothesis - can you watch a DVD on the TV. You can.Therefore it s not the TV - it s the cable box.[7]new hypothesis - maybe the cable box is turned off...And so on.It isn t very exciting, but the procedure above is actually a scientific study, with repeated hypothesis and experiment.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3024
How exciting, a young scientist on the rise!  I would probably describe the scientific method as a way to figure out the world and share your findings with others who may be interested in what he finds out.  I would also say that these steps are necessary so that if someone wants to do the same experiment and see for themselves, the scientific method that he followed can be followed by another person.Applying this to everyday life, let s see your cousin wants to figure out why something isn t working.  He d make a checklist of things to check for and the results of each of those.  Once he figures out the problem, he writes down what he did.  So, the next time that same thing is broken, your cousin can hand off the writings about his scientific approach to someone else they can either fix it the same way or find different ways to fix it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3025
Carl Sagan wrote an excellent book about what science is. Its called The Demon Huanted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark. It might be a little over the head of a 10 year old, but you could read it and explain it to him. I ll also give you links to some good papers that I read in college about the matter.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 3026
I have the solution to your problem your 10 year old cousin reminded me of my grand son he is also a genius, take him to your local library andthere  you can re-search all of the information you need, the library as all kind of fun and science books games patterns, modules  and all kind of activities to keep this young scientist pretty buzy talk to the librarian they will assist you take him to the science section so he can choose the books or game he want s they have all kind of activities he can do. dont forget to take him to the experiment, department, so he can choose which one he like best.  most library already has every thing  set up the child can t be alone they need an adult supervision because we are dealing with some  quimic, formula, paint  plastic materials and more heavy good things for each child appropr iated age group. I know all of this because our grand so is 7 yeras old and he to love science he has developed a  great love for science and we are taking this verry seriously 3 times a weak is library day for our family,and we all love it and i never like science when i was in s chool, maybe because i didn;t understand it but know ia m learning all over again. they also have mold and dummies that the kids can put apart and them  un do them like the, respiratory system the digested sys, the circulatory sys, etc, so ple ase make a trip to your local library and it will solve your problem i hope this help a little, take care.

QUESTION ID: ZG70ZH5YY0OOMHQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do I get rid of strech marks?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76338
I am speaking as someone who has them severely, they do fade. But if your like I was you want them GONE. there are surgical procedures that you can look into , I think that tummy tucks rid you of stretch marks on the stomach. I personally do not beleive in any of the creams, but you could give Mederma a shot if youd like. Some people swear by it . GOOD LUCK Sincerely , Heather
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 88481
Answer: First, you should know that your stretch marks will gradually become much less noticeable in the months after you give birth. But if they continue to bother you, consider making an appointment with a dermatologist to discuss treatment. Here are a few options:If you re not breastfeeding, you can try using tretinoin cream (commonly known by the trade name Retin-A). A few studies have shown that applying 0.1 percent tretinoin cream may help with stretch marks. In one study, using this cream reduced the length of the stretch marks by 14 percent and the width by 8 percent. In another study, it decreased the length by 20 percent. However, there s no good information about how the medication is absorbed, whether it gets excreted in your breast milk, and what effect it might have on your baby, so it s not safe to use while nursing. And because the cream works best relatively soon after delivery, while the marks still have their darker pigmentation, it may be too late to try it after your baby is weaned.Laser therapy is another option if you re looking to improve the appearance of stretch marks postpartum. According to the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery, a surgeon will use different types of lasers depending on the color of the stretch marks. One type reduces the color of dark stretch marks and another stimulates the production of pigment-making cells in already faded stretch marks. A newer type of laser therapy can be used to stimulate the production of collagen and help restore the skin s elasticity in depressed stretch marks.It s unlikely that your health insurance plan will cover such cosmetic procedures. So if you decide to go that route you ll probably have to pay for the consultation and any treatments out of your own pocket.

QUESTION ID: ZGBWC1R4R6UV6Q4
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why is the vitamin B17 illegal?
QUESTION CONTENT: B-17 is a vitamin found in many sources of food, including some nuts, and fruit pits. So what made the America come to the conclusion that we should nt be allowed to use b-17, i mean we can smoke ciggerettes.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86797
Because it is poison. Cyanide. B17 does not exist, it is a made up friendly name for cyanide. And, it kills people through cyanide poisoning. SummaryIn 1980, the National Cancer Institute began a clinical study of laetrile in terminal cancer patients. Conducted in collaboration with four major U.S. medical centers, the clinical tests showed that laetrile failed on four counts: it did not make cancer regress; it did not extend the life span of cancer patients; it did not improve cancer patients symptoms; and it did not help cancer patients to gain weight or otherwise become more physically active. Laetrile and natural products containing it, such as apricot pits were thus found to be ineffective as a treatment for cancer.  (Tyler) Moreover, laetrile has been banned by the FDA because of the risk of poisoning from its cyanide content. (Fetrow) It (cyanide) is also sometimes referred to as vitamin B17, although it is definitely not a vitamin. (Tyler)Professional Evaluation / Critique TheNational Cancer Institute (NCI) sponsored an independent study of Laetrile with cancer patients. Fifty-four percent of the 178 patients had measurable cancer progression after 21 days of intravenous treatment with Laetrile. After 3 months, 91 percent had disease progression, and after 7 months, all patients tumors had grown larger. Very few patients reported any change in their symptoms. Half of all patients in the study died within 5 months after starting treatment; within 8 months, 85 percent were dead. (National Cancer Institute)Toxicity / Risks A clinical trial conducted at the Mayo Clinic and three other prominent cancer centers found no anticancer effect but found significant blood levels of cyanide in some of the patients. (Hafner) Symptoms following cyanide poisoning include sudden, severe vomiting and epigastric pain followed by syncope [a faint], lethargy, coma, and seizures. Chronic consumption of plants high in cyanogenic glycosides has resulted in optic atrophy [a wasting away of the optic disc], nerve deafness, spastic paraparesis [a partial paralysis of the lower extremities], ataxia [failure of muscular coordination], clonus [alternate muscular contraction and relaxation in rapid succession], and peripheral neuropathy. (Fetrow)No documented scientific evidence exists supporting the use of cyanide (b17) to treat cancer patients.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 43181
I  seen it for sale here and talked about. it said more study was being done. http://www.vitaminb17.net/http://www.vitaminb17.org/http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vitamin_B17
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48011
b17 causes cancer i think

QUESTION ID: ZJEM58SNM248XKD
QUESTION SUBJECT: tension happen in brain and love is felt in heart,then why do people get heart attack when in tension and why?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 69861
This interesting article will help you:The appreciation that different emotions could have powerful influences on the heart and the recognition of some intimate but poorly understood mind-heart connection is hardly new. Aristotle and Virgil actually taught that the heart rather than the brain was the seat of the mind and soul and similar beliefs can be found in ancient Hindu scriptures and other Eastern philosophies. Some 2000 years ago, the Roman physician Celsus unwittingly acknowledged this mind-heart relationship by noting that fear and anger, and any other state of the mind may often be apt to excite the pulse. Our earliest uses of the word heart clearly indicate its conceptualization as the seat of one s innermost feelings, temperament, or character. Broken-hearted, heartache, take to heart, eat your heart out, heart of gold, heart of stone, stouthearted, are just a few of the words and phrases we still use that vividly symbolize such beliefs.William Harvey, who discovered that the circulation of the blood around the body through vessels was due to the mechanical action of the heart also recognized that the heart was more than a mere pump. As he wrote in 1628, every affection of the mind that is attended either with pain or pleasure, hope or fear, is the cause of an agitation whose influence extends to the heart. (Harvey, 1628) During the 18th century, John Hunter, who elevated surgery from a mechanical trade to an experimental science, suffered from angina, and being a keen observer complained, my life is in the hands of any rascal who chooses to annoy and tease me. He turned out to be somewhat of a prophet, since it was a heated argument with a colleague that precipitated his sudden death from a heart attack. (Home, 1796) Napoleon s favorite physician, Corvisart, wrote that heart disease was due to the passions of the mind , among which he included anger, madness, fear, jealousy, terror, love, despair, joy, avarice, stupidity, and ambition.With respect to personality and Type A behavioral traits, Von D??sch, a 19th century German physician, first noted that excessive involvement in work appeared to be the hallmark of people who died from heart attacks. (Von D??sch, 1868) He did not imply that job stress was the culprit, but rather that such individuals seemed to be preoccupied with their work and had few outside interests. Over 100 years ago, Sir William Osler, an astute clinician, succinctly described the coronary-prone individual as a keen, and ambitious man, the indicator of whose engines are set at full speed ahead . (Osler, 1892) He later wrote that he could make the presumptive diagnosis of angina based on the appearance, demeanor and mannerisms of the patient in the waiting room and how he entered the consultation room. (Osler, 1910) In the 1930s, the Menningers suggested that coronary heart patients tended to be very aggressive. (Menninger&Menninger, 1936) Flanders Dunbar, who introduced the term psychosomatic into American medicine, characterized the coronary prone individual as being authoritarian with an intense drive to achieve unrealistic goals. (Dunbar, 1943) Kemple also emphasized fierce ambition and a compulsive striving to achieve power and prestige. (Kemple, 1945) A half century ago, Stewart Wolf described what he called the Sisyphus reaction . (Wolf, 1955) In Greek mythology, Sisyphus, the king of Corinth, was doomed by the gods to a life of constant struggle by being condemned to roll a huge marble bolder up a hill, which, as soon as it reached the top, always rolled down again. Wolf characterized people who were coronary prone as constantly striving against real but often self-imposed challenges, and even if successful, not being able to relax or enjoy the satisfaction of achievement.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 1205
If you mean stress when you say tension then it is a long term thing, not something that occurs after one bought of stress.When the body is under stress ,many things happen within. These stem from the days when stress meant we were on a hunt, or something wanted to eat us. One such response is that body produces adrenalin which raises heart beat, increases blood pressure and increases blood sugar, ready to fight or flight. But when you are sitting in an office stressed over tomorrows deadline, there is no fight or flight. The exact mechanisms for how this  translates into heart disease are unclear, but considering the link between type 2 diabetes and heart disease then the blood sugars probably has some affect. The term inflamation seems to be popping up a lot as well, which could well be caused by the constant high blood sugar levels With the concentration on saturated fats and cholesterol as causal over the last 50 years, researchers are missing the real CAUSES (plural) of heart disease. If they were right then rates would be decreasing, not increasing.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 55564
You need to know MORE... tension is felt body wide and LOVE is a type of tension. Tension is NOT a bad thing...it creates happiness as well as sadness and exhaustion!  We all need to relax and enjoy the good parts of tension; the intensity...the acute feeling!  Cardiac arrest does NOT come from love!  LOL  Have a wonderful life! Hugs, Gina C.

QUESTION ID: ZJQFYKT7C5M31NQ
QUESTION SUBJECT: If solids are heavier than liquids, then why does ice float in a glass of water?
QUESTION CONTENT: A product in solid form usually has molecules more closely bound, thus making the product more dense and thus heavier. However, solid water (ice) is lighter than water and floats.Why?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 12842
Ice floats because the weight of the water that the ice displaces is greater than the weight of the ice itself. This is the principle of buoyancy. The difference in the two weights is the buoyant force acting on the ice.The same volume of water can have two different weights, if one is liquid and the other is solid [ice]because the density [weight per unit volume]of liquid water is greater than the density of ice. Water is one of the very few materials that exhibit this behavior.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 16914
Not all solids are heaiver than water. Trees or lumber floats. Check Archamedies Law. Ice floats, generally, because it is less dense that water
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31705
F.Y.IEach water molecule is made of 2 hydrogen atoms and 1 oxygen atom. These are connected to one another by very strong chemical bonds called covalent bonds. Water molecules are connected to each other by much weaker chemical bonds called hydrogen bonds between the positively charged hydrogen atoms, and one negatively charged oxygen atom in a neighboring water molecule. As water gets colder than 4 degrees Celsius (40 Fahrenheit) the hydrogen bonds connecting different water molecules adjust to keep the negatively charged oxygen atoms apart. This results in a crystal latice which begins to form at less than 4 degrees Celsius. This crystal latice is completely formed at freezing, and is commonly known as ice. So, why does ice float? Like most things that float, ice floats because it is less dense than liquid water. Ice is about 9% less dense. When ice forms, it takes up about 9% more space than it did as a liquid. Thus, a 1 liter container of ice weighs less than a 1 liter container of liquid water, and the lighter material floats to the top. As we said, water is different.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31706
Not much worse than having water in your engine or heating system freeze - broken engine blocks and cracked pipes for sure. This is because, contrary to what one might think, water actually expands when it freezes. This is due to therealignment of the molecules from the random liquid into a well organized crystal solid. Because it expands, it displaces more water than it weighs, and thus floats. If solids are heavier than liquids isn t a good foundation to base your question on - i.e. think of all the solids that float - styrofoam, wood, lots of plastics, etc....water is pretty heavy stuff.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 31707
ice / water really is different.  there are, in fact, several different crystal forms that ice can create, depending on temperature and pressure.  obviously the crystal form that exists around freezing, at normal atmospheric pressure has a lower density than liquid water.what s even more interesting is that water gets more dense as it cools, until about 4 degrees, at which point, it expands.  that s a small part of the reason that ice forms on the surface, but water underneath remains liquid - ie the freezing precedes down from the surface.  that allows fish and other animals to live in ponds during winter.  if ice were to sink then fresh water Flora and fauna would be very different.and oceans would also be different.  nothing would live on the bottom in polar regions.

QUESTION ID: ZK3MOQW4OLW42K0
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many helium balloons would it take to lift me off the ground?
QUESTION CONTENT: Say the balloons are about a foot in diameter&I weight 160.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 75180
ok, so lets calculate this.  a balloon with a foot diameter has a volume of .7854 cubic feet. .5 cubic feet converts into 14.158423356 liters.  The density of helium is .1785 g/L (grams per liter) and the density of air is usually approximately 1.25 g/L.  The difference between these densities is 1.07g/L.  The formula for density is d=m/V (density equals mass over volume)  so we set d=m/V, 1.07=m/14.158423356.  the 1.07 was the difference in density(how much less dense helium is than air) and the V i said(14.158423356) is how many Liters i said was in .5 cubic feet before.  it has to be in liters since the density measurement i gave you was in grams per liters, so for the formula to work we need to work in liters and receive an answer in grams.  ok, so solving for m in that density formula, we get 15.95g.  so each balloon can hold about 16g.  but i looked up the average weight of a regular party balloon and it s 2g, so each balloon can hold 14 more grams.  converting grams to pounds, 14 grams equals .030864717 pounds.  so each balloon can hold .030864717 pounds.  now if we divide your weight by the amount of weight each balloon can hold, we will get the numberof balloons you need to support your weight. 160/.030864717 = 5183.9 so 5,184 balloons. you would need 5,184 balloons to equal your weight.  this only makes you weightless, so the force of these balloons would basically perfectly counteract the force of gravity, so you would need to jump to push off and you wouldnt be pulled back down. if you wanted the balloons to actually lift you, you would need more, and depending on how many more, you would have a greater acceleration upward.  this is also assuming that each balloon is perfectly one foot in diameter, so the number of balloons may fluctuate a bit.even so, might i suggest you use a balloon with a larger diameter?if you want to find out for sure with specific balloons, you can always get like 50 balloons and some weights.  then you can measure how much weight the 50 balloons hold. then you set up a proportion saying that 50 balloons divided by the weight you measure it can hold(in pounds) equals X balloons divided by 160 lbs. then you can solve more precisely for the specific balloons you have.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 13520
It would depend on your weight, the size of the balloons and more importantly their volume, and finally it would depend on the temperature as well. It is definatly something that has been done before, by ordinary people...in fact I believe there is a story in the Darwin Awards about a person who did do something just like what you are suggesting.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23885
The filled ballons must displace a volume of air that equals your weight.  Dividing your weight of 160Lb by the density of air at sea level and standard temperature (0.075 Lb/ft3) equals about 2,130 cubic feet.  Therefore it would take about that many cubed ballons plus a few dozen more to lift the weight of the balloons and helium and you.  A balloon that is about a foot in diameter is roughly comparable to a one foot cube for purposes of estimation.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 23886
It depends on the volume of helium in the balloons, whether it is one or many, it would have to have just enough volume to offset say, 161 lbs...

QUESTION ID: ZLZMESQDX5KOJMT
QUESTION SUBJECT: How are waterfalls formed?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8024
Water falling off something.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 8025
When a bunch of water goes off a cliff
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62899
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waterfallsthe answer is here.read up.but yeh, water falling off something.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62900
Hello,(ANS) The answer is that water (being a liquid) will always try and find the lowest point or lowest level it can. It does this because of the influence of the earth gravity. So when water finds its way to the edge of a rock face or cliff it will fall over that edge and create a stream of water falling under gravity s force, thus forming a water fall (literally water that is falling).Obviously the bigger the height of the drop the greater the water fall. Where you have a major river involved with strong currents, strong flows due to high volumes of water then the more impress the water falls tend to be, such as Niagara falls or Angel falls,etc.Kind Regards Ivan
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62901
A waterfall is usually a geological formation resulting from water, often in the form of a stream, flowing over an erosion-resistant rock formation that forms a sudden break in elevation or nickpoint.Some waterfalls form in mountain environments where the erosive water force is high and stream courses may be subject to sudden and catastrophic change. In such cases, the waterfall may not be the end product of many years ofwater action over a region, but rather the result of relatively sudden geological processes such as landslides, faults or volcanic action.Waterfalls may also be artificial, and they are sometimes created as garden and landscape ornaments.[edit]Formation Formation of a waterfallTypically, a river flows over a large step in the rocks which may have been formed by a fault line. Over a period of years, the edges of this shelf will gradually break away and the waterfall will steadily retreat upstream, creating a gorge of recession. Often, the rock stratum just below the more resistant shelf will be of a softer type, meaning undercutting, due to splashback, will occur here to form a shallow cave-like formation known as a rock shelter or plunge pool under and behind the waterfall. Eventually, the outcropping, more resistant cap rock will collapse under pressure to add blocks of rock to the base of the waterfall. These blocks of rock are then broken down into smaller boulders by attrition as they collide with each other, and they also erode the base of the waterfall by abrasion, creating a deep plunge pool.Streams become wider and more shallow just above waterfalls due to flowing over the rock shelf, and there is usually a deep pool just below the waterfall because of the kinetic energy of the water hitting the bottom.Waterfalls can occur along the edge of glacial trough, whereby a stream or river flowing into a glacier continues to flow into a valley after the glacier has receded or melted. The large waterfalls in Yosemite Valley are examples of this phenomenon. The rivers are flowing from hanging valleys.[edit]Classifying WaterfallsThe International Waterfall Classification System is the generally accepted scientific method of classifying the world s waterfalls. Waterfalls are grouped into 10 broad classes based on the average volume of water present on the fall using a logarithmic scale. Class 10 waterfalls include Niagara Falls, Paulo Alfonso Falls and Khone Falls. Class designations of other well known waterfalls include Victoria Falls and Kaieteur Falls (Class 9); Rhine Falls, Gullfoss and Sutherland Falls (Class 8); Angel Falls and Dettifoss (Class 7); Yosemite Falls and Lower Yellowstone Falls (Class 6). Source: International Waterfall Classification System (Outskirts Press 2006)[edit]Types of waterfalls Havasu Falls, near Supai, Arizona, is an example of a plunge waterfall Dark Hollow Falls, near Skyline Drive, Virginia, is an example of cascade waterfall Powerscourt Waterfall, near Enniskerry, Wicklow County, Ireland, is an example of a horsetail waterfall Kakadu National ParkBlock: Water descends from a relatively wide stream or river. Cascade: Water descends a series of rock steps. Cataract: A large waterfall. Fan: Water spreads horizontally as it descends while remaining in contact with bedrock. Horsetail: Descending water maintains some contact with bedrock. Plunge: Water descends vertically, losing contact with the bedrock surface. Punchbowl: Water descends in a constricted form, then spreads out in a wider pool. Segmented: Distinctly separate flows of water form as it descends. Tiered: Water drops in a series of distinct steps or falls. Multi-step: A series of waterfalls one after another of roughly the same size each with its own sunken plunge pool.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 62902
You have alot of good answers ,and I just would say water melting and running off rocks .Guess I am not much good at this one!!!!

QUESTION ID: ZN3Y0D2Z1AXGD0R
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you know when you have colon cancer.?
QUESTION CONTENT: the last two days i have found blood in the water after going poop. i dont know if its colon cancer or what i ate. im going to the doctor tomorrow to see what it is. but what are the symptoms of colon cancer
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 38050
You may not be having Colon Cancer and do not get afraid. Please see your general Physician immediately and if necessary he will refer to an oncologist for further evaluation and treatment. Cancer of the colon is the disease characterized by the development of malignant cells in the lining or epithelium of the first and longest portion of the large intestine. Malignant cells have lost normal control mechanisms governing growth. These cells may invade surrounding local tissue, or they may spread throughout the body and invade other organ systems.Synonyms for the colon include the large bowel or the large intestine. The rectum is the continuation of the large intestine into the pelvis that terminates in the anus.Colon cancer causes symptoms related to its local presence in the large bowel or by its effect on other organs if it has spread. These symptoms may occur alone or in combination:- a change in bowel habit- blood in the stool- bloating, persistent abdominal distention- constipation- a feeling of fullness even after having a bowel movement- narrowing of the stool???so-called ribbon stools- persistent, chronic fatigue- abdominal discomfort- unexplained weight loss- very rarely, nausea and vomitingMost of these symptoms are caused by the physical presence of the tumor mass in the colon. Similar symptoms can be caused by other processes; these are not absolutely specific to colon cancer. The key is recognizing that the persistence of these types of symptoms without ready explanation should prompt the individual to seek medical evaluation.Many of the symptoms are understood by remembering that the colon is a tubular conduit. If a tumor develops, as it reaches a certain size it will begin to cause symptoms related to the obstruction of that conduit. In addition, the tumor commonly oozes blood that is lost in the stool. (Often, this blood is not visible.) This phenomenon results in anemia and chronic fatigue. Weight loss is a late symptom, often implying substantial obstruction or the presence of systemic disease.If you have any doubt do not neglect and byseeing your doctor please ensure that you are free from the disease - AS CANCER IS STILL AN ENIGMA.-
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38051
yeah go to the doctor because that s very serious, it s very hard to realize if you may have it.  good luck!!!!
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 38052
there are many diagnosti tests that can determine if you have colon ca, = barium enema, colonoscopy,(a camera up your ass) CAT scan, lab tests on body fluids, you may also have  a GI bleed which is serious but treatable, or possibly hemmorhiods

QUESTION ID: ZNSH18S12SMFWPW
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do people who suffer from Psychological disorders say mean things to people or themselves?
QUESTION CONTENT: I used to know someone who had three psychological disorders. He had depression, bipolar&social anxiety disorder. When our friendship drifted apart he said some things to me that were hurtful. He also said somethings about himself that were hurtful too. Why do people who suffer from psychological disorders say mean things to people and why do they put themselves down? I know that they don t mean to hurt others. Why can t they realize what their doing is hurtful? It sad that some people think differently than others. What hurts the most is when a friend puts you down and you know they don t mean it. After my friendship ended the hardest part was letting go. I will never hate my old friend because I know he got issues he can t control.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 18018
When I am at my worst, I can t help my behavior.  I am going to give you my standard blurb on how it is to be bipolar, at least for me. I m 43 and have dealt with this a long time, and I am extremely intelligent and a very gentle and optimistic and altruistic person personality wise. But the bipolar is too strong, I can t beat it.When I have mania, it is like I am all powerful, at one with the world, the ideas are pouring from me, my life is blossoming. Everything I touch turns to gold. I am incredibly creative and intelligent, I think so quickly. I have a lot of fun around others and make a lot of jokes. I don t get these much anymore-I think most people get fewer hypomanic episodes as they get older. These hypomanic episodes probably last a month or two. Usually, the work I do is good during these episodes, but there is also often some self-important crap that I thought was good at the time. I end up blowing a lot of money on stupid things like jewelry and clothes, things I don t need. In the past I have been totally inappropriate like did computer sex and went bankrupt etc. etc, totally out of character for me.Then I am crushingly defeated. The anguish is intolerable. I am in agony, like everybody I loved betrayed me deeply and I deserved it. I can t get out of bed. Or, I can t even decide between chicken noodle soup or a sandwich, so I go back to bed and eat nothing. Nobody cares. Everyone hates me (despite ample evidence to the contrary). I can t think. Can t pay attention.Sometimes, I can be both at the same time, then I am divinely evil, and everyone hates me, but I deserve it and should suffer for my sins (not that I ve done anything particularly wrong). The world would be better off if I am dead. The delusion going on here is that my rottenness extends far beyond my real influences in life. Everyone in the world would be better off if I were dead. It s grandiose, but in a bad way. Also, in this mood (which is called dysphoric mania, mixed moods, whatever) I am quite hyper and agitated about these things. It is quite a torture. It is hell on Earth. Like being burned alive in the flames of Hell. The most agony that anyone could ever experience, and it goes on and on and on and on and on for months at a time with almost no relief. Worse than the straight depression, because I sleep through most of my regular depression and mostly don t care. This mixed moods is myUSUAL state of being. I actually resent the people in my life insisting that they want me to live. I believe it is euthanasia if I kill myself, but since nobody else thinks so (THEY aren t in my head and don t know how I suffer) I continue to suffer along. In mixed moods, it can appear that my emotions are changing rapidly, but they are not-I am despairing, but I keep a lid on it most of the time so far as my behavior goes. I explode and verbally berate my husband when something interferes with my control, like frustration.  Such as tonight I made a mistake making a beaded bracelet.  I still get the obsessional behavior that I get with hypomania. I really hate it when someone interrupts me when I am doing My Work. Whatever that is. Definitely needs the capital letters, because it is so important to me. It could be any project at all, and switch from hour to hour. When I m at my most emotional, which is usually caused by frustration, as I said before, I can t think. Such as doing income tax forms, I have a math degree, it is trivial, but I just cannot follow the directions. Can t even follow a recipe for cookies. Then I cry and cry and want to blow my brains out because I am so stupid and worthless and a parasite on society because I am disabled and my husband and everyone else hates me and the world would be so much better off if I were dead because then I wouldn t be parasitizing all you nice people who work hard for a living to support me, I am a tick. You get the idea. It all streams in a flow like that, and oh, how it hurts!  And I really believe this stuff (even now-I just went through this a couple hours ago). Nobody outside of my home can tell from my behavior, tho. I m too smart to show it-I know how to act. If I m talking to my therapist, psychiatrist or social worker, or going on about this with my husband, well, that blows the lid off. As soon as my mood improves, all these thought go away like magic. The way I don t kill myself is I remind myself over and over that I m not thinking quite right and my husband and brother and cats need me.  That only works when I am half off my head though - at my worst, nothing helps.  I have been very close to suicide several times, and attempted it 3 times as well.I take Lamictal and lithium. These pills make me very tired and somewhat dizzy, and some other things.  It is very hard to take them, especially because they do not help the internal angst I feel whatsoever.  I also use a light box (usually used for seasonal affective disorder) and go for counseling. I go to a social club for people with mental illnesses. I have a psychiatrist and a social worker, go to educational groups and live on disability. If I didn t do all those things, I would definitely suicide. The pills really take the edge off a bit, so I can get a few things doneSo there you go. That s what severe mental illness is like. I know lots of folks suffering just as much. And then people think bad of you for being mentally ill, besides, and avoid you or see you only as a crazy person, not as a person first, and a person suffering from a brain disorder second. And that hurts so much! And people whisper about you behind your back too, and if you are sick and in the hospital, no one sends you a card or flowers, but they all SAY they care about you.  But if you get your nose fixed or a gallbladder surgery, you get a lot more caring attention by far, even though those aren t really any big deal.So I hope you can see how it is in context.  maybe you can get back together with this friend or maybe not, but I will say, it is VERY difficult to act normally when you have all this stuff going on in your head, and you are trying to hide it from others.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4118
It sounds like you really miss your friend...  I d say make the first step and give him a call.  I am also severely depressed and when people say hurtful things like that, it s because they just wanna be left alone.  He probably pushed you away because he didn t feel worthy of being your friend.  Trust me.  I m sure it s nothing that you did.  It s very hard to understand a person with mental illness if you have never been there yourself.  You might think you know how he feels but honestly you never will.  It s a horrible feeling.  Don t give up on him quite yet...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4119
I would think it would be easy to figure out that when someone has psychological disorders (especially 3!) they would not be operating on a normal level when it comes to relationships.You need to exercise some compassion here, this person really has problems. Your last sentence says it all, read it to yourself.

QUESTION ID: ZNWSRYBBHT8US0D
QUESTION SUBJECT: why does OK mean good or adequate?
QUESTION CONTENT: why the letters O and K? Whats the history behind it?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9004
adequate.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 9005
just adequate.all correct
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51142
Dude ok is short for okay.  What else.  You see poeple through the years shorten things so that it won t take as much time.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51143
Good question, never thought about it, hope you get good answers for me to read.  Thanks for the points  xxxx
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51144
It means adequate, which is just average. Good enough, but not that good. Good means above adequate, or better.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51145
The use of OK to mean alright or spot on originates from World War One.  The primitive communication used by artillery spotting aircraft allowed only a couple of morse letters to be transmitted to give corrections to the fall of shot.  For no particular reason, the letters OK signified a perfect target register and the guns should continue firing at those settings.  It was never adopted by the British in civilian use but the Americans, who had to adopt many British military practices, took it up and made it popular back home.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57705
The oldest written references to OK result from its adoption as a slogan by the Democratic party during the American Presidential election of 1840. Their candidate, President Martin Van Buren, was nicknamed Old Kinderhook (after his birthplace in New York State), and his supporters formed the OK Club .This undoubtedly helped to popularize the term (though it did not get President Van Buren re-elected!). During the late 1830s there had been a brief but widespread craze in the US for humorous misspellings, and the form orl korrekt which was among them could explain the initials OK . Such a theory has been supported by more than one distinguished American scholar, and is given in many dictionaries, including Oxford dictionaries.The only other theory with at least a degree of plausibility is that the term originated among Black slaves of West African origin, and represents a word meaning all right, yes indeed in various West African languages. Unfortunately, historical evidence enabling the origin of this expression to be finally and firmly established may be hard to unearth.To the rest of you that answered, I d suggest you take a minute to understand the question before you attempt to answer.  He did not ask which, he asked WHY.Read it again. Why does OK mean mean good or adequate. NOT decide which term fits.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57706
OK-you-asked-for this=. Despite the fact that the origin of OK was conclusivelyestablished 30 years ago, few etymological dictionaries, even recent ones, give it accurately. On the contrary, some persist in giving equal time to explanations that have been discredited for decades. Eric Partridge, in Origins (1983), says OK derives from the OK Club, which supported Martin Old Kinderhook Van Buren in 1840. That isn t wrong, but it s only half the story. William and Mary Morris, in the Morris Dictionary of Word and Phrase Origins (1977), mention the OK Club and give several other theories as well, including the off-the-wall idea that OK comes from Aux Cayes, a port in Haiti noted for its rum. They imply the matter is still shrouded in mystery.Baloney. The etymology of OK was masterfully explained by the distinguished Columbia University professor Allen Walker Read in a series of articles in the journal American Speech in 1963 and 1964. The letters, not to keep you guessing, stand for oll korrect. They re the result of a fad for comical abbreviations that flourished in the late 1830s and 1840s. Read buttressed his arguments with hundreds of citations from newspapers and other documents of the period. As far as I know his work has never been successfully challenged.The abbreviation fad began in Boston in the summer of 1838 and spread to New York and New Orleans in 1839. The Boston newspapers began referring satirically to the local swells as OFM, our first men, and used expressions like NG, no go, GT, gone to Texas, and SP, small potatoes. Many of the abbreviated expressions were exaggerated misspellings, a stock in trade of the humorists of the day. One predecessor of OK was OW, oll wright, and there was also KY, know yuse, KG, know go, and NS, nuff said. Most of these acronyms enjoyed only a brief popularity. But OK was an exception, no doubt because it came in so handy. It first found its way into print in Boston in March of 1839 and soon became widespread among the hipper element. It didn t really enter the language at large, however, until 1840. That s when Democratic supporters of Martin Van Buren adopted it as the name of their political club, giving OK a double meaning. ( Old Kinderhook was a native of Kinderhook, New York.) OK became the warcry of Tammany hooligans in New York while beating up their opponents. It was mentioned in newspaper stories around the country.Van Buren s opponents tried to turn the phrase against him, saying that it had originated with Van Buren s allegedly illiterate predecessor, Andrew Jackson, a story that has survived to this day. They also devoted considerable energy to coming up with unflattering interpretations, e.g., Out of Kash, Out of Kredit, and Out of Klothes. Newspaper editors and publicists around the country delighted in coming up with even sillier interpretations-- Oll Killed, Orfully Konfused, Often Kontradicts, etc.--so that by the time the campaign was over the expression had taken firm root nationwide.As time went on, though, people forgot about the abbreviation fad and Old Kinderhook and began manufacturing their own etymologies. Here s a sampling: (1) It s a derivative of the Choctaw Indian affirmative okeh. Andrew Jackson, who figures in many stories about OK, is said to have introduced the word to the white man.(2) Another Jackson story has it that he used to mark OK for oll korrect on court documents. In the one example of this that was actually unearthed, however, the OK was found actually to be OR, for order recorded, a common courthouse abbreviation. (3) It was a telegraphic signal meaning open key, that is, ready to receive. Others say OK was used for all right because A and R had already been appropriated for other purposes. Big problem with this theory: the first telegraph message was transmitted in 1844, five years after OK appeared.(4) It stands for O. Kendall&Sons, a supplier of army biscuits that stamped its initials on its product. (5) It comes from Aux Cayes, already discussed. A variant is that it comes from the French au quai, to the dock, said of cotton that had been approved for loading on a ship. (6) It stands for Obediah Kelly, a railroad freight agent, who used to mark his initials on documents to indicate all was in order. (7) It comes from the Greek Olla Kalla, all good. (8) A German general who fought on the side of the Americans in the Revolutionary War used to sign documents OK for Ober-Kommando..
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57707
The version I ve always been led to believe is that it is an adaptation of On-Quay - A response from old-world dock workers to indicate the load is down on the dock.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 57708
Because it originated from the two words  .....oll korrect........2 old english slangs meaning  all correct . So it means good or adequate.

QUESTION ID: ZPZKQV1NF7NE5GE
QUESTION SUBJECT: How many kids are on ADD/ADHD medication in the United States?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74167
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a condition that becomes apparent in some children in the preschool and early school years. It is hard for these children to control their behavior and/or pay attention. It is estimated that between 3 and 5 percent of children have ADHD, or approximately 2 million children in the United States. This means that in a classroom of 25 to 30 children, it is likely that at least one will have ADHD.Of the approximately 3.5 million children who meet the criteria for ADHD, only about 50% of them are diagnosed and have stimulant medication included in their treatment plan.Here are some additional facts:The difference is mainly one of terminology, which can be confusing at times.  The official clinical diagnosis is Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, or AD/HD.  In turn, AD/HD is broken down into three different subtypes: Combined Type, Predominantly Inattentive Type, and Predominantly Hyperactive-Impulsive Type.Many people use the term ADD as a generic term for all types of AD/HD.  The term ADD has gained popularity among the general public, in the media, and is even commonly used among professionals. Whether we call it ADD or AD/HD, however, we are all basicallyreferring to the same thing.WHO HAS AD/HD:According to epidemiological data, approximately 4% to 6% of the U.S. population has ADHD.ADHD usually persists throughout a person s lifetime. It is NOT limited to children. Approximately one-half to two-thirds of children with ADHD will continue to have significant problems with ADHD symptoms and behaviors as adults, which impacts their lives on the job, within the family, and in social relationships.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74168
YOU WISH YOU KNEW

QUESTION ID: ZQHNQUH38FNAEIR
QUESTION SUBJECT: how was plastic invented?
QUESTION CONTENT: how
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 16524
Until very recently, plastic was the wunderkind of the western world. Sleek symbol of modernity and human progress, the invention of plastic has, arguably, touched more lives than any other technological breakthrough. It replaced old and familiar things. The elegant dark heaviness of desks and tables gave way to lighter, pastel colored furnishings, changing the look and feel of home and office. Plastic is perfect for this modern age. It is light, strong, easily molded and durable. It is a throwaway substance, part of the planned obsolescence of modern life. As with synthetic fabrics, many of which are made from plastic, it???s a case of technology improving on nature, a symbol of a less burdensome, more colorful lifestyle.  Ok, I???ll pause now for brickbats from the Environmentalists. Truth is, in this crowded age, some plastics are a bit too cheap and disposable, and much too durable. We want our distant descendants to remember us by the Golden Gate Bridge, the Empire State Building, not by the five billion everlasting Styrofoam cups that are tossed away by Americans every year, or the thousands of tons of plastic bottles, bags, and wrappers, hurled from speeding cars to float forever across the face of the earth. I???m an optimist, though. Scientists arealready designing plastics that will simulate nature and return their substance to the earth. Recycling is also gaining momentum, and plastic can be used over and over, remolded to form new food and drink containers, waterproof bags, carpets, industrial paints, flower pots, fences, benches, industrial pallets, and other products. In 1994, 565 million pounds of plastic bottles were recycled, from about 2.5 billion pounds produced. The figure for recycling could probably be bumped up to a billion pounds. And, as with most other procedures involving plastic, recycling is fairly easy. Indeed, the word plastic comes from the Greek word ???plastikos???, meaning moldable. Since plastic is easy to manufacture, strong, and durable, and is a good insulator to boot, it has made inroads against such traditional materials as natural fibers, wood, metal, and rubber. In many cases, the more traditional products have moved upmarket, while plastic has cheerfully occupied many humdrum, unglamorous niches. Cheap toys, cheap fabrics, cheap furniture, casing, decorations, all are within the purview of this versatile product. Plastic has also taken on some sterner stuff, such as plumbing conduits, gears, bearings, and automobile shells. Plastic had an inauspicious birth. An Englishman, Alexander Parkes, looking for collodion in his medicine cabinet to staunch a wound, discovered that it had gelled into a tough rubbery substance. He was an enterprising man who saw the possibilities, if this substance could be molded. Unfortunately, molding required heat, and heating always made the substance explode. Licking his wounds, Parkes worked on, and finally produced a suitable mixture of collodion, camphor, and ethanol. Parkesine, the first synthetic plastic, was launched in 1865, and the Xylonite company was formed a year later. In the USA, the Hyatt brothers were working on the same lines, and invented a similar material, which they called celluloid. The year was 1869. In 1877, the Hyatt Company and Xylonite merged into the British XyloniteCompany, which exists today as BXL Plastics Ltd. The man who influenced the plastics industry more than any other, however, was a Belgian, Leo Beakland, who immigrated to the USA in 1889 to better use his talents. In 1907 he invented Bakelite which would dominate plastics for the next 50 years. By 1930, gramophone records, billiard balls (originally made from elephant tusks!), telephones, camera cases, radios and chairs were all made of the new super plastic. However, Bakelite really took off after the patent expired in 1927. As the Great Depression took hold, Bakelite came to be seen as a ray of hope for several embattled industries. Cheap and colorful, it acquired a reputation as the new modern forward-looking product, poised to kick-start consumer industries such as furniture, radios, cheap ornaments, etc. It became known as ???the material of a thousand uses.??? Cheapness and ease of manufacture made plastic equipment especially worthwhile during the Depression. A plastic radio could be made to look like highly polished wood ??? for a selling price of $10, compared with hundreds of dollars for a radio with a real wooden cabinet. The 1930s also saw the introduction of streamlining, and the maturation of the Art Deco movement. The smooth, flowing industrial designs that were beginning to appear were perfect for the shiny, malleable Bakelite. The angular machine age was giving way to the streamlined plastic era.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74289
The first man-made plastic was created by Alexander Parkes who publicly demonstrated it at the 1862 Great International Exhibition in London. The material called Parkesine was an organic material derived from cellulose that once heated could be molded and retained its shape when cooled.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 74290
If plastiko, also known as plastic, had never been invented, life in the world today would be a struggle because the natural resources would have vanished and packaging products would break easily. In the 21st century, one sees plastic as a daily necessity. In a recent poll for the USA Today, the invention of plastic ranked 46th in the top one hundred events of the century. Before today one would have known plastic as an item which can be molded into a different shape and not known as the universal product for packaging. Because the electronic industry demanded a product which could be shaped when heated, a chemist named Leo Baekeland invented the first ever synthetic plastic and changed the world forever. (Minners 1) In the early 20th century, people worldwide realized the natural sources seem to be running low, one needed to make an artificial product to fit the people???s need. In 1843, a rubber-like material had been discovered in Malaysia. The natives called the substance gutta-percha. (Galas 15) The founders decided to ship gutta-percha to the world. At first many bought the material, but after awhile the material became brittle and easily broke. A Southeast Asian bug produced a resin, or syrup which can be molded into a shape, called Shellac. The product worked well because Shellac became a waterproof covering and an electric insulator. But, since the mass production of electronics, Shellac would soon be replaced. (Parshall __ ) When the world noticed their Shellac would soon be gone, scientists quickly began experiments to replace the product. However, in the late eighteen hundreds and the early nineteen hundreds the scientists failed in producing an artificial material. The public needed a new, unique and more reliable product which can take the molded shape.

QUESTION ID: ZRH23ZO10VOUILK
QUESTION SUBJECT: Why do the English and Americans have different measuring systems?
QUESTION CONTENT: IE: Mile vs kilometerWhat is the european word for metric system?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 71936
I m really worried about all you folks who say you learned your incorrect answers in history class.  What are they teaching you?The awkward system of measurement that Americans use was also used by the English until just a couple of decades ago.  It has nothing to do with Americans wanting to be different from the English, or the American Revolution, or anything like that.The metric system was invented by French scientists in the Age of Enlightenment back in the 18th Century when the French (quite literally) worshipped Reason.  (There were even temples to Reason during the French Revolution.) During this revolution, in the 1790 s, the French instituted the very rational, scientific metric system, in which everything is based on the decimal system.  The basic unit of measurement, the metre, was established by determining the distance between the equator and the North Pole and then dividing that by powers of ten until you got something small enough to be a useful unit of measurement in everyday life.  The gram was established by weighing the amount of water in a cubic centimeter (at least I think it was a centimeter).  In the centigradesystem of temperature, 0 is the temperature at which water freezes and 100 is the temperature at which it boils.  Everything is beautifully rational, and therefore good for science, where it is universally used.The French Revolution failed but its measuring system lived on, because it was so useful.  The English, who hated the French, refused to adopt their measuring system until they were forced to by the emergence of the Common Market.  Others on this list have accurately given the history of the failure of Americans to convert to the metric system.  But that s how it all began.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10309
The basic reason is that the US has a different system of government than the UK. If the UK government was more responsive to public pressure, the UK probably would not have gone metric either. The US system is very sensitive to outside pressure, including pressure from lobbyists, the media, the public, big business and basically anyone with money. This is obviously both good and bad. There are political practices that are commonplace in the US that people would go to jail for or worse in most of the rest of the world. For example, did you know that:1. the Chinese passed multiple suitcases of cash to both the democrats and the republicans during the 1990s (and possibly still are doing it)? And it raised barely an eyebrow, except for maybe a short paragraph here or there at the bottom of an article or at the back of the newspaper. All that the public was interested in was whether the president got a blowjob or not. 2. If a politician raises campaign money but decides not to run, they can legally keep it all for themselves? They do not have to spend it on a campaign? If Hillary Clinton had decided not to run, she could have pocketed about 60 million dollars.3. If a politician does not have to spend all the campaign money they raise, they can pocket the rest? 4. Kissinger runs a successful lobbying firm, handing out  money to politicians that he raises from foreign governments to buy influence in Washington ? (He takes a cut of course).5. Kissinger s firm is one of many many lobbying firms in washington?   6. When the airline industry was bailed out after 9/11 to the tune of billions of dollars, this got the attention of other industries. A week or two later the hotel industry and the car rental industry showed up in congress to ask for their billions. This was livein CSPAN. One junior congressman stood up and told them the truth: You aren t getting any money. You didn t bring your lobbyists with you . Interpretation: The hotel industry and the car rental companies were not savvy enough to bring lobbyists with them to arrange kickbacks to the politicians so they would be able to personally pocket some of the bailout money, legally. 7. Back in 1980, the University of California, the world s largest university (by some measures) did not have a single lobbyist in Washington. They were debating it. Now the University of California has a huge building that is several stories high and has a footprint larger than a city block. More than one entire floor of this building houses hundreds of lobbyists, whose only job is to hand out money to politicians to buy influence. When the University gets grants and contracts for research, it kicks some fraction of it back to the politicians that arranged for it. So, just think logically. Given that the public does not want the metric system in the US, why would the metric system be implemented? Just because the metric is more logical? That is not a good enough reason, I am afraid. If it gets to the point where too many companies are losing too much money on our antiquated avoirdupois system, or the public perception changes, then the US will adopt the metric system. Until then, the US will not change. Aside: Mikey, it might help if you learned something about a subject before you weighed in.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21286
In a word: arrogance.The United States government passed Public Law 90-472 which authorized a 3-year study which was accepted in 1971.  The report concluded that the U.S. should, indeed, go metric deliberately and carefully through a coordinated national program.Progress was made until President Reagan disbanded the U.S. Metric Board and canceled its funding in 1984.Legally, the US must go to ???metric??? by December, 2009; but it looks like the deadline will get pushed back once again.See the first site below for more details:The International System of Units, universally abbreviated SI (from the French Le Syst??me International d Unit??s), is the modern metric system of measurement.  It was adapted in 1961.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28567
Setting aside the mistake of saying English when you mean British (we Scots get uppity about that! ;-) ) It is not the case that the UK is entirely metricated. The imperial system is still very commonly used in the UK. Road distances and speed limits are measures in miles not km, and most of the time we measure our height in feet and our weight in pounds (albeit in multiples of 14lb stones).The distinction between English and American measures isn t simply metric vs. imperial. For example, a UK gallon (20 fluid ounces) is not the same as a US gallon (16 fl. oz.)An interesting point is that when metric labelling of (most) food products was made obligatory a few years ago, there was nothing to stop retailers packaging products in quantities of 454g (i.e. 1 UK lb) or 586ml (i.e. 1 UK pint).I have to admit I find the metric system much more amenable - especially when you consider its internal consistencies (e.g. 1ml of water at s.a.p. weighs 1g and occupies 1cc).The only practical benefit I have ever been able to deduce with regard to the imperial system is that multiples of 12 and 16 have more factors (i.e. more shares ) than multiples of 10.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28568
because the Europeans created the metric system which it attempted to make the universal system of measurement. The effort failed and Americans only use a few ofthe more useful measures....litre, and gram are about it.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28569
The American Revolution was to break away from England, but we weren t broken away if we still acted like them, so we did things different, like, Americans drink coffee, England drinks tea. Also, like Phil said, Americans drive on the other side of the road and sit on the other side of the car. So the measuring system was made to break us away. Alot of things change after the American Revolution.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28570
Well, the french term is systeme international, which is why it is abreviated into SI. The international system is metric, but i suppose america, in a show of independence from britian (or england, if you d like) refused to use the metric system and made up their own.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 28571
Because us Americans copied the English when they were using our current system of measurement. But sometime over the years, the English changed to Metrics, and we decided to stick to our way of measuring. Maybe we are lazy or something...
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 48803
Because the U.S. won t get on board with everyone else. I m not complaining, I don t want to use a whole newsystem.

QUESTION ID: ZRZLTJY0X0Z1067
QUESTION SUBJECT: Has anyone tried using Elliptical. Does it work and how long will it take to see the results?
QUESTION CONTENT: Has anyone tried using Elliptical. Does it work and how long will it take to see the results? How long to work out on Elliptical?
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 4322
Ellipticals are good for fat loss because you usually dont get your heart rate into the cardio zone (usually 70-90% of your max heart rate), they keep your heart rate around 60-65% of your max heart rate which is where you want to be for fat loss because in the cardio zone your body will burn your stored up carbs before your store fat...20 mins for the first few weeks would be good on the elliptical but weight loss is like alcohol consumption; your body develops a tolerance to excercise, thats why you have to switch things up every few months...to keep your body guessing
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 4323
I m assuming you mean an elliptical machine?I really like them because they re whole body, there s little stress put on the joints and you can really burn calories on them. I never work out more than 30 minutes on any one machine because your body can get used to the movements so it s necessary to shake things up from time to time.As for how long it takes to see results. This depends on several things.1) How hard you go? The stronger you push yourself, the more calories you burn.2) How much do you weigh? The heavier you are, the more energy it takes to move your body.3) How long are you doing this? The longer you go, the more calories you burn.4) What s your diet like? If you burn 800 calories on the machine in an hour, then eat a double cheeseburger and fries afterwards it s going to take a hell of a long time to lose the weight.

QUESTION ID: ZSVQIX2CLWFFC8C
QUESTION SUBJECT: how do you do a proper pushup?
QUESTION CONTENT: (not modified pushups)
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 77671
You like the Press Up (push up)? Well, here to do it:For Beginner:1. Kneel down on the floor with your hands spread on the floor out in front of you, fingers facing away.2. Slowly lean forward so that your body weight is slowly transferred onto your arms.3. Bend your arms at the elbows, move closer to the floor.4. When you have got down to a comfortable position, slowly straighten out the arms and return back to the starting position.5. Repeat this exercise a further 3-5 times, making sure that you hold your abdominal muscles tensed throughout the exercise. Only do as many beginner press ups as you can do so comfortably. You can build up the repetitions as your arms begin to get stronger. When you are happy with the Beginner Press Ups then have a go at the Full Press Ups below.And for the not beginner, Full Press Up. Feeling though-eh?1. Lie face down on the floor, elbows bent and hands up by the chest, palms facing forwards.2. Raise your body up by straightening the arms, keeping your whole body straight.3. Once you have reached the top of the Press Up and your arms have straightened out, hold for a second and slowly lower back down to the starting position (do not lie on the ground, stop just above the ground.)4. Repeat this for 3-5 repetitions, more if you are comfortable, making sure that you have your abdominal muscles tensed throughout the exercise. If you want to make it a little harder, slow down the speed that you raise and lower your body. The great thing about Press Ups is that you can do as many as you like before you tire yourself out, and keep a target score that you can aim to beat tomorrow and then the day after.Try to visit this site, they have lots of information about fitness. In this page, they also have the Press Up one minute test, try it if you want. Hope this can answer your question.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 26226
1 - Get in the pushup position2 - Place hands, shoulder-width, apart3 - Go down until arems are bent 90 degrees4 - Go up til you can straighten your arms

QUESTION ID: ZTAGMKC5QREVKM4
QUESTION SUBJECT: what factors contribuates to heart attack? and how to prevent any future problems?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 86977
This topic will give an insight view:Everybody has a risk of developing atheroma which can lead to an MI. However, certain risk factors increase the risk and include:    * Preventable or treatable risk factors:          o smoking          o hypertension (high blood pressure)          o high cholesterol level          o lack of exercise          o a poor diet          o obesity          o excess alcohol     * Having diabetes. But if you have diabetes, the increased risk of heart disease is minimised by good control of the blood sugar level, and reducing blood pressure if it is high.    * Risk factors that are fixed and you cannot change:          o a family history of heart disease or a stroke that occurred in a father or brother aged below 55, or in a mother or sister aged below 65.          o being male.          o ethnic group (for example, British Asians have an increased risk). Risk factors are discussed more fully in another leaflet called Preventing Heart Disease . Briefly, if you can reduce any risk factors, it reduces your risk of having an MI (or of having a further MI if you have already had one). Some risk factors are fixed and you cannot change them. However, if you have afixed risk factor, you may want to make extra effort to reduce preventable risk factors such as smoking or lack of exercise.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 71161
NEEDS:   Low fat diet, higher fiber, no alcohol.  No smoking, plenty of exercise, reduce stressLot of exercise will promote growth of secondary arteries around blockages, providing natural bypass.

QUESTION ID: ZTR4X0IKM0BB8BF
QUESTION SUBJECT: why people are after money and wealth when we are not born or going to die with that?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 10002
You gotta keep up with Joneses.  What kinda world would it be if everyone laid around and ate dirt?
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41718
Bhagavad Gita... the sacred document of Hinduism... the doctrine put forward by Lord Krishna in the battle of Mahabharata is one without a parallel. It explicitly makes it clear that none can reach the Kingdom of Heaven bodily. None can become immortal in bodily form. Yet, most human beings on Mother Earth expect that they are the chosen one to become immortal and carry the wealth to next life.Why does it happen so? Why do people not understand and assimilate the pearls of wisdom contained in Bhagavad Gita. It is for the simple reason... that the ego of a human being prompts so. Fed by the fuel of wanton desires and materialistic riches... the ego of most human beings makes them commit things immoral.No control exercised over the ego in the present materialistic age... the Kali Yuga... humanity is practically dictated by the ego of human beings. The bigger your desires... more fuel is added to the fire by our ego within. To discriminate between the dictates of ego and our soul atman within is a tough task. Those who truly seek inner truths... learn to control their ego! It is only then one controls the five senses and the mind.One can say, Why ego was at all created by God . Devoid of any ego... none would have performed ones karma. It is the ego within every living being that makes the cosmic cycle of evolution going. Even though the fruits of karma belong to our soul atman within... it is our ego that makes believe everything belongs to the body and not the soul.It is the prime duty of our ego within to keep every living being mesmerized so that it dutifully keeps on performing ones karma. In every stage of manifestation... be it the form of an insect, plant, animal or human life... ego rules the roost. In absence of ego everything in the Cosmos would have gone haywire as most manifest forms would not have obliged our soul atman within and continued doing the karma.The false ego... the false pretensions keeps the whole Cosmos going. Not to mention that God Almighty created the ego to keep every living being under wraps. In truth... nothing belongs to the body yet every living being considers everything ones own.In the society money and wealth brings name and fame. Who does not want to become the wealthiest of all! In a country like India... people donate huge sums of money provided their name is etched in golden letters on the donated material. Ask them to donate for a noble cause... they would look the other way. More on Bhagavad Gita here - http://www.godrealized.com/bhagvadgita.html
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41719
People want people to think highly of them, they want importance and to be at the top of their ladders.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 41720
because we all are common men and women.today even the jogis and sanyasis are owning farms and ashrams worth carores of rupees in name of charity.money is magnet it makes people run behind.and thats the difference between mahatma and ordinary men.

QUESTION ID: ZVL60UDEHG7RJWE
QUESTION SUBJECT: how long does the sideeffects for planB pill last because im really sick?
QUESTION CONTENT: should i take some more pills for the pain or it will interfere with the pill...i feel really sick like im going to puke and my tummy is getting sharp stabbing pains do you know how long it will last i took it at 12pm and 12am now its 6am...any advicefor your info i had protected sex until the condom broke so dont judge me therfor i wont judge you!!!
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 6400
I hope this helps but make sure you call a doctor just to be safe and dont listen to some of these rude people on here  you are not a baby killer people need to just answer your question an not put ignorant answers.The manufacturer reports that nausea is the most common side effect; however, very few women have actually reported significant nausea or vomiting. Eating small frequent meals for the next 24 hours may help decrease these symptoms. Report any severe side effects to your health care provider.Other side effects include fatigue, headache, abdominal pain or cramps, dizziness, breast tenderness, diarrhea and moodiness. These side effects would not be expected to last more than two days after taking Plan B.Changes in the menstrual cycle can be expected. Some women will experience spotting a few days after taking Plan B. Because Plan B maydelay ovulation, you may be at risk of pregnancy in the first few days after treatment. You should use an effective method of contraception for the remainder of this menstrual cycle and thereafter.Women report that the menses may start a few days early or may be delayed a few days. The amount of menstrual flow may be either lighter or heavier than usual. A pregnancy test should be done if no period occurs within three weeks of using Plan B or if the menses is very light. If, for any reason, medical care is needed before a normal period has occurred, the health care provider should be advised that emergency contraception has been used recently. The provider may wish to do a screening pregnancy test before prescribing certain medications or treatments. If there is a sudden onset of severe abdominal pain, medical care should be obtained immediately.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 21074
you just took the life of a human being ,i hope youre satisfied.! you should suffer!

QUESTION ID: ZX3IS7HVN6JCDVT
QUESTION SUBJECT: how are the moon and the sun visible at the same time?
QUESTION CONTENT: 
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 74053
Draw a big circle to represent the sun.Draw a medium circle to represent the earth.Now, between the two circles, draw a tiny circle to represent the moon.The moon casts a shadow on the earth.  Imagine that you are in the shadow.  What you are seeing is an eclipse.  You only see the moon.Wait a couple minutes and the moon will move away from the sun.  Now you can see both the sun and the moon.The moon can continue moving away from the sun for a long time and you will still be able to see it.Usually, you can see the sun and moon at the same time because, most of the time, they are not on opposite sides of the earth.  An exception is when there is a full moon, or nearly full moon.  In that case, the sun and moon are on opposite sides of the earth and you can only see one at a time.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 22770
Since the moon only reflects light, it is visible only when at least part of the side that faces the sun also faces us.This happens most often at night, but it can happen during the day as well.  If the sun is positioned to your left, and the moon to your right, the moon will be visible.The moon would not be visible during the day for 4 reasons:1.  The moon is on the other side of the earth where it s night time.2.  Clouds3.  The moon is between the earth and sun (but doesn t eclipse the sun), and the sunny side of the moon faces away from us.4.  A lunar eclipse, where the earth casts a shadow on the moon.

QUESTION ID: ZXAC3A7T06087B8
QUESTION SUBJECT: how can i put on weight?
QUESTION CONTENT: Im 32 and weigh 56KG. I should really weigh at least 70KG. Ive tried everything and cant seem to put on weight.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 76769
You need to think about specifically what you want to get out of this.  That may sound silly, but do you really want to be skinny with a pot belly?The fast and binge method or the eat carbs method are likely to put on weight... but in the form of deposits of bad fat that are unattractive, unhealthy, and stubbornly resistant to any effort to get rid of it.  I think what you want to do is build muscle and maybe put a little bit of fat on, but very slowly.  Lifting weight will build muscle, whereas track&field tends to do more calorie burning than muscle building.  So adding in weights and adding more protein to your diet should help a lot.As for eating - eating more small QUALITY meals will put on muscle and keep any fat that gets deposited in small, healthy deposits.  Eating one or two large meals a day will more likely put on bad fat.If you do your workouts and change in eating for a month and you aren t gaining any muscle, you may want to see your doctor about it. There are some conditions that will cause this.Here is how we process calories.When a cell needs protein it will grab any protein available.  Muscle cells need the most protein; however all cells need protein for repair and growth. If there s no protein molecule available, the cell has to wait for one to come by.When a cell needs energy, it will grab any sugar passing by. Note that carbs turn into sugars when digested.  If there is no sugar available, it will get a protein, break it down and use it for energy. If there is no protein, it will do that with a passing fat molecule.In the meantime, fat cells will pick up available fat.   Note that proteins are actually broken down into amino acids during digestion, and fat is broken down into fatty acids (also called triglycerides), the same way that carbs are broken down into simple sugars.If the blood sugar levels get too high, insulin is released which tells fat cells to grab passing sugars and proteins and turn them into fat for storage.  If blood sugar gets too low, the body releases a hormone that tells the fat cells to release some of the fat.  Either the same hormone or another one released at the same time tell your mind that you are hungry.This is why you want to have small meals - that keeps the blood sugars in the middle range and a steady supply of protein.  And you want to not eat unnecesary fat, because it s as likely to go on as paunch as it is to go toward keeping you running.
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 76770
Weight increase    depends on a lot of factors.1.the type or work you are into.2.The amount of  diet  and type of  diet you take.3.Depends  on your  body s assimilation trends.Though i have seen a lot of people trying hard to put on weight with the help of extra diet  and not getting successfull.  though it stays on for a while till the intake is high.. you would switch back to the normal status once you stop intaking such high amounts of food.   The Best  way to put on weight  also depends  on your  brain activity. If your remain tense and worried  and busy  your body tends to eat up more energy.   So  if  you want to put up weight.  have three proper meals.  sleep  a lot.  worry less  be happy.and just live a happy life.  and weight increase is gradual it would take a year for you to add on 5 kgs  so let it be slow and steady and dont deviate from your schedule.   good  food . good thoughts.. good habits.healthy life...good luck..paradiso

QUESTION ID: ZXM350U5S0YI8ET
QUESTION SUBJECT: Cell Phones! Serious Health Risk? or Harmless? Why do you feel how you do&how do you back it up?
QUESTION CONTENT: With new technologies being introduced to the public every day, how do we know that they are safe?Dr. George Carlo, in his capacity as director of Wireless Technology Research wrote a letter to the CEO of AT&T which has serious legal implications for mobile phone manufacturers who have claimed that there is no evidence for adverse health effects from mobile phone use. With the letter widely circulated in the industry, making that claim now could possibly expose them to litigation in much the same way as what happened to the tobacco industry, where it was shown that industry assurances of no evidence of hazards from smoking was a complete fabrication. Quoting from Dr. George Carlo s letter to Mr. C. Michael Armstrong, Chairman of AT&T Corporation the potential risks were presented: * The rate of death from brain cancer among handheld phone users was higher than the rate of brain cancer death among those who used non-handheld phones that were away from their head;<continued below>* The risk of acoustic neuroma, a benign tumor of the auditory nerve that is well in the range of the radiation coming from a phone s antenna, was fifty percent higher in people who reported using cell phones for six years or more, moreover, that relationship between the amount of cell phone use and this tumor appeared to follow a dose-response curve;* The risk of rare neuro epithelial tumors on the outside of the brain was more than doubled, a statistically significant risk increase, in cell phone users as compared to people who did not use cell phones;* There appeared to be some correlation between brain tumors occurringon the right side of the head and the use of the phone on the right side of the head;* Laboratory studies looking at the ability of radiation from a phone s antenna to cause functional genetic damage were definitely positive, and were following a dose-response relationship.Do you know enough to feel safe?Panda: I don t see where the Doctor even mentioned Cancer in that segment? He stated that it was benign, I m fairly certain that a Doctor would know what benign means. Maybe they don t cause cancer and only cause tumors and or brain trauma (that sounds like something we d all want to have.). Why report something that isn t true? Especially for the sake of unbiased scientific studies.
(BEST) ANSWER ID: 71270
There is no doubt in my mind and educated experience with radio frequency (RF) transmissions, that it is vitally important that the possible adverse effects that these devices have on human tissue, not be taken lightly! It is still early days and time will tell as it did for smoking, asbestos related products and countless of chemicals and herbacides, in the past. The simple fact is that everyone should be aware that the longer you use the phone the greater the adverse affects are likely to be. There is no doubt whatsoever, and it is well documented that high levels of RF are DANGEROUS! Cell phones transmit at much lower energy levels, but their consistant and prolonged use may well have a cumalitive effect. Although there is no proof to indicate that mobile phones can cause cancer, there is sufficient debate to cause doubt as to the relative safety. The thing is, it is a mutlibillion dollar industry and it will not be quashed without definite proof, which may not arise for some decades. As a telecommunications engineer I am aware of the power density levels produced by mobile phones and the effect they can have on different people. Mobile phones transmit using radio frequency radiation (RFR). Dependant on the network this can range between 800MHz and 2GHz. These are radio waves located within the electromagnetic spectrum. X-rays which are known to cause cancer through ionizing radiation are also within the electromagnetic spectrum, however, RFRs cannot cause cancer in the same way as x-rays because RFRs are non-ionizing.However, high levels of RFRs can cause health effects through heating the human body (thermal effects). To address this health effect, the Radiocommunications (Electromagnetic Radiation Human Exposure) Standard 1999 specifies limits on public exposure to RF radiation from mobile phones. The limits set by this Standard are only a fraction of the levels needed to cause thermal effects.Whilst it cannot be shown at this point in time that the thermal effects from mobile phones are a health hazard there is a considerable body of scientific literature which describes the effects of RFR in biological systems that cannot be directly attributed to heating. These effects are referred to as non-thermal and have been demonstrated to cause alteration in animal behaviour, or changes in the functioning of cell membranes.To limit the possible adverse effects mobile phones may have I would suggest that anyone concerned about their use should;- Limit the prolonged use of mobiles to under a couple of minutes at a time.- Use the phone in handsfree speaker mode.- Avoid using the phone in a confined space (such as in the car or building) as this causes the phone to radiate at the higher power levels to get a signal out.Personnaly I avoid using the phone as much as possible and if I need to use it I keep it under a few minutes or use it in hands free speeakerphone mode.Should you wish to have a bit more reading on the subject from a non-engineering perspective, the following Cancer Council link may be of interest;
(OTHER) ANSWER ID: 51814
Yes. I feel safe relatively safe. To begin with acoustic neuroma is a benign tumor that is NOT CANCER . . so, right there you begin to wonder how much Carlos really knows. I have read his letters before and they are not based on science but on political hysteria and supposition. I am unsure what his motivation may be or why he would lend his support using such bad scientific evidence . . but anyway .. there have been ongoing studies that dispute his claims:Journal of National Cancer Institute: Cellular Telephone Use and Cancer Risk: Update of a Nationwide Danish Cohorthttp://jnci.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/98/23/1707Study Disputes Cell Phone-Cancer LinkLarge Study From Denmark Offers the Latest Reassurance That Cell Phones Don t Trigger Cancerhttp://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory?id=2702500ACS: Study: No evidence cell phones cause cancerhttp://www.cancer.org/docroot/NWS/content/NWS_1_1x_Study_No_Evidence_Cell_Phones_Cause_Cancer.asp

